# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1010

The instant Su Ming closed his eyes, countless veins appeared on his body. They filled his entire body, and a malicious as well as ancient presence erupted with a bang.

This presence belonged to Ecang.

By then, Su Ming had already had his Ecang clone descend and fuse with him. When he opened his eyes again, the veins made it seem as if branches were growing over his body. A powerful presence spread out when Su Ming took a step forward.

'Two circles of light. Two slots. Then I'd like to see how you'll continue with your game when I am the only one left.' When Su Ming walked forward, the mountain trembled. He leaped up and lifted his right hand. The Life Inequity Spear shone with a brilliant light, and he threw it in front of him.

With a loud buzz, the spear turned into a long arc that sliced through the air. It instantly closed in on a roaring ferocious spirit, who lifted his arms to seize the projectile.

But the instant he touched the spear, his arms disintegrated. A pained scream rang out in the air. The Life Inequity Spear shot straight through that spirit's chest. With a bang, his body was pinned to the mountain. As the Life Inequity Spear let out a loud buzz, the ferocious spirit's pained screams grew even shriller before fading away.

"Five more."

Su Ming rushed forward like a purple shadow that charged towards the other ferocious spirits who were fighting against each other. To them, someone dying was not something they needed to pay attention to. In the mid of the battles for the two circles of light, Su Ming saw something again…

Within one of the circles of light was the ferocious spirit with that tuft of white fur on his forehead, but there was no other competitors around him. He calmly stood in that circle of light, while the ferocious spirits around him did not even spare a glance at him. It was as if… wherever he was, that place would turn into a forbidden ground for the other ferocious spirits.

His expression was calm. It was as if there was nothing around him that could catch his attention. Even Su Ming was worthy, for he had only met his gaze for a moment before ignoring him.

He left behind a powerful image to the people who had their memories continuously extracted from them, and that effect was so strong that it even affected their actions. It was to such an extent that they no longer remembered him in a normal manner, but remembered him as if his existence had been branded into their souls.

There was only one possible way for him to do this!

'This person… has always been the one who succeeds in reaching the end of Ya Mu's game in this dimension. There has never been a single exception where he was not the winner. The wariness branded in these ferocious spirits' souls took form after they were killed by him numerous times.

'That's why he can retain his intelligence, because the reward for winning every single time… is for his memories to not be taken away.'

Su Ming's pupils constricted, and he cast a deep glance at the ferocious spirit with the tuft of white fur before rushing towards the spot where the four ferocious spirits were fighting against each other.

As if they had sensed a great threat coming from Su Ming, they turned around simultaneously. Once they saw Su Ming, they rushed at him in unison.

In the face of the four ferocious spirits who were clearly ready to work together, Su Ming let out a cold harrumph. Before both parties even closed in on each other, he lifted his left hand and patted his storage bag. Immediately, a longbow appeared in his left hand.

This treasure Su Ming had obtained when he fought against the Sand Earthlings. Upon taking it into his hands, Su Ming drew the bowstring with his right hand. With a loud buzz, three sand arrows gathered out of thin air before shooting out.

The three arrows let out the same whooshing sound that was piercing to the ears. A sound as if the air had been sliced apart reverberated through the area as the arrows charged towards three out of the four ferocious spirits!

Booming sounds echoed in the air. The three ferocious spirits looked as if they were about to dodge when the three arrows exploded simultaneously. The impact of that caused the three incoming ferocious spirits to freeze for a moment.

Because of that, the final ferocious spirit stood out like a sore thumb. He was forced to have a face off against Su Ming alone.

Su Ming was not unfamiliar with this ferocious spirit. He was the one who flung off Nian Yin when they were in the fog and was also the one who had shouted out those words.

Both parties closed in on each other instantly. Booming sounds shook the sky and earth. The ferocious spirit let out a shrill roar, but his body froze in midair for a moment while Su Ming swept past him.

When Su Ming left into the distance, the ferocious spirit's head crumbled while still in midair. He fell onto the mountain and stopped moving.

Without stopping for even a single moment, Su Ming rushed towards the three ferocious spirits who had been blocked just then by the three arrows. When he closed in, he clenched his right hand, and the poisonous wasp pierced him with its stinger.

The God Ascension Nectar was injected into his body, causing Su Ming to lift his head swiftly. The veins on his face grew denser, and a powerful and domineering life force ran wild through his body, filling Su Ming's eyes with blood. With a single step, he charged forward.

An uncomfortable feeling formed in his stomach, as if he would only feel better once he threw up whatever was in his stomach. It was a feeling akin to that of the body being about to burst, and waves of unbearable pain surged through Su Ming. Under that intense pain, he felt as if his entire body was about to burst into flames. Due to the stimulation of the God Ascension Nectar, the Ecang clone in his body… also seemed to be going through a transformation he had never expected.

The source of that change was at the origin of a cracking sound coming from Su Ming's body, one that only he could hear.

This change made Su Ming immediately choose to give up on the Illusion of Stars, Sun, and Moon he was prepared to execute in order to kill the three ferocious spirits.

He initially intended to kill one of them with a divine ability, this way making it easier to handle the remaining two.

Yet the moment the Ecang clone in his body changed and the feeling as if his body was about to burst grew to its most intense state, he realized that if he did not let it out, then this time, his body would immediately crumble.

This was something he had not expected. What Su Ming did not know was that when he saved the Resentful Wei, there was still a huge amount of God Ascension Nectar left in his body. He might have suppressed it at the time, and if he'd had more time, he could have slowly absorbed and refined it, but only a short period of time had passed since then. When he injected more God Ascension Nectar into his body, he made his body start boiling.

It was this that caused his body to be in danger at that moment, and it was precisely this danger and the large amount of God Ascension Nectar within him that brought about the change in the Ecang clone.

Su Ming did not know whether this change was good or bad. He did not have time to think about it, because as the three ferocious spirits roared, they had already closed in on him. Ripples of power erupted from their bodies, and they brought forth their strongest power to kill Su Ming in one go!

Su Ming's eyes were bloodshot. During that moment of crisis, he hesitated no longer and acted based on the will of his Ecang clone—he went along with Ecang's transformation!

The instant Su Ming chose to go along with the flow, the intense pain throughout his body descended on him again. Blood gushed out from various body parts, and purplish red branches grew out of him!

In the mid of the intense pain, Su Ming discovered to his shock that his Ecang clone, which had originally fused into his body in the shape of a human, had turned… into Ecang's real self at that moment!

The body that should be incomparably huge and could occupy the entire galaxy had now shrank numerous times to exist in Su Ming's body.

This was Ecang's transformation, and it was also the first intense change that happened to Su Ming's body.

The three ferocious spirits closed in on him, as booming sounds rose into the air. When they spread out in all directions, shrill screams of pain that were far louder than the roars from the ferocious spirits rose up madly.

Just listening to those shrill and forlorn voices was enough to cause people's skin to crawl. Within those screams was indescribable pain and misery.

In fact, during that instant, the pupils of the ferocious spirit that had a tuft of white fur on his forehead shrank. He was already standing in the circle of light with a calm expression on his face, as if there was nothing around him that could attract his attention, and even when it came to Su Ming, he treated him with indifference, but at that moment, he fixed his stare on Su Ming, and his breathing quickened. Disbelief appeared in his eyes.

He was not the only one. The drastic change of the Ecang clone in Su Ming's body, the endless branches that stretched out from him, and the booming sounds that could not drown out the shrill cries that were obviously not from Su Ming also caused Old Ya Mu, who was sitting above the fog and watching the battle underneath with a calm and composed manner, to instantly stand up from his seat.

Distortions appeared in the air around him. His hair moved without wind, and rarely seen shock appeared in his eyes. His breathing quickened, and his eyes flashed.

"This… This is...

"Abyss Builders cannot Possess the nine great lives in Old Man Extermination's ballad. This is something prohibited for them. This child's act of Possessing Ecang was already something that goes against the laws of heaven.

"But no matter what, that Ecang isn't complete. What he Possessed is only a part of Ecang. While the act of Possession itself is against the laws of heaven, it still could be accepted, but Ecang belongs to the law and definitely does not belong to this child. In the future, once Ecang becomes complete, this child will definitely have his actions limited by the laws. He will either be devoured by Ecang, or will be separate from it.

"However… he just fused perfectly with that part of Ecang's will he possesses. It has become an even more superior life form, and with just a part of its body, it became the life form that it was when it had its complete body!

"From now on, these two have fused into one, and they can no longer be separated. He is Ecang, and Ecang is him. This is a fact that not even the laws can change. Even if Ecang is completed in the future, it will still be the same!"

While Old Ya Mu was shocked, the dimension in the land trembled, and signs of it about to crumble appeared. In truth, those signs did not just appear in this place. The entire fifth kiln was trembling. With the old man's divine ability, he could sense that the galaxy beyond the fifth kiln and the entire Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos was trembling together at that instant.

This trembling caused the four Great True Worlds and the entire Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos to instantly burst into an uproar. Ripples appeared in the galaxy, planets shuddered, and the universe looked as if it was about to fade away and disappear.

It was especially so for the foreign lands within the Barren Lands of Divine Essence's Western Ring Nebula. The remaining Ecang souls roared together, and in their roars was endless fear and shock.

"Su Xuan Yi, you… just what did you do for your son?" The old man's heart shook furiously. He instinctively wanted to raise his hand, as fierce killing intent appeared in his eyes.

"As one of the inspectors from Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, I have the duty to kill all lives who interfere with the laws. This child's existence is a change that interferes with the laws!"

But the instant the old man wanted to attack, his expression changed drastically again. He lifted his head and stared at the sky. An incredibly wary expression appeared on his face, and at the same time, he spat out three words.

"Su, Xuan, Yi!"

A will that shook the sky and the earth as well as caused an endless sea of fire to burst forth from the entire fifth kiln descended into the area!
