# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1013

Su Ming's words were sharp and landed in the ferocious spirit's ears, causing his expression to swiftly change several times.

In his path of cultivation, he placed emphasis on cultivating his mind and heart. With a powerful will, he managed to continue down his path without any hesitation, but the remarks Su Ming had thrown before to lay his his trap as well as the step he took in the end due to his desire for freedom had formed a crack that could not heal in the ferocious spirit's heart.

One of the things damaged was his pride. It was a pride born from his will, which would not change due to anything in the world besides his own opinion. This will was not something that could be suppressed by a mighty power, because if he did not want to, then he could choose not to obey Ya Mu's words. It was just that the price for it was incredibly great.

However, he still had the right to choose.

Yet as he took that step forward, his right to choose had disappeared, just as Su Ming had said, because he changed when someone else changed their rules. Because of it, his heart immediately trembled.

"For my freedom, I am choosing to temporarily obey him. No other words can change me!" The ferocious spirit with the tuft of white fur glared at Su Ming. As he spoke, he took a step forward, lifted his right hand, then pushed it at the ground.

With it, a dense ray of blood-red light appeared on his right hand. That light spread out, and a gigantic circular Rune shining with red light appeared on the ground below his palm.

A large number of runic symbols shone at the edge of the Rune. As they continued swimming about, the blood-red light on the Rune reached a piercing degree.

"Living Fiend!"

As the ferocious spirit roared, the Rune under his hand started moving swiftly before it charged out.

Su Ming's eyes sparkled. When the red Rune closed in on him, he formed a seal with his right hand before pointing forward. The treasure that was Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here immediately rushed towards the Rune with the malicious spirit intending to weigh the Rune and the ferocious spirit with the tuft of white fur.

Booming sounds rang out once again. Under the loud booms, the ferocious spirit lifted his right hand from the ground. The red Rune instantly rose and surrounded Su Ming within it before it crashed with the malicious spirit weighing the elephant.

A powerful impact swept through the area. The malicious spirit was torn apart, and as it tumbled backwards, it disappeared without a trace. The scale also crumbled. Only the white elephant crashed into the red Rune, causing endless cracks to instantly appear on it before it crumbled.

They were equal in terms of strength!

A freezing glare shone in Su Ming's eyes. By then, he looked like a child after going through Destiny's first transformation. He lifted his right hand and swung his arm. Immediately, the air around him started distorting. Time flowed back, and the malicious spirit appeared once again, along with the crumbled scale.

"Weigh him again!" As Su Ming took a step forward, the malicious spirit beside him roared. The picture of it weighing the elephant surrounded the area, occupying the sky. It charged at the ferocious spirit with the tuft of white fur.

"An Art that reverses time…" The ferocious spirit's pupils shrank, but he did not stop moving. Once he stepped out of the circle of light, he raised his arms and roared towards the sky.

"Break My Palms!" As the ferocious spirit roared, signs of his palm lines being about to break immediately appeared on his lifted hands. Immediately after, the ferocious spirit took a step forward and roared again.

"Tear My Lines!" A large amount of fresh blood instantly appeared out of nowhere on the ferocious spirit's palms. It was as if his palm lines were no longer palm lines, but had instead become wounds. As blood gushed out, the ferocious spirit pressed his palms flat on the ground.

The ground trembled. A gigantic blood red Rune that was several thousands of feet big manifested on the ground while flashing rapidly with the ferocious spirit's hands at its center.

This Rune was no longer round but square in shape. As it rotated, its corners shone with a blood-red light.

Booming sounds rose into the air as countless runic symbols rotated around the Rune which was expanding swiftly while charging at its target.

Su Ming flung his right hand forward. The malicious spirit behind him immediately roared and rushed out, but at the instant it did so, a vicious smile appeared on the ferocious spirit's lips. He lifted his hands from the ground.

"With the first Rune, I seal the area before me!" As his voice echoed in the air, the blood Rune that was stretching towards Su Ming was suspended in the air. It stood vertically and blocked the area in front of him before crashing into the malicious spirit.

When a loud bang spread out, Su Ming shuddered. He immediately noticed that his body seemed to have been frozen the moment the red square Rune appeared in front of him. His body came to an abrupt halt against his will.

It was as if the Rune erected in front of him had seized his body, causing him to be unable to move for an instant. During it, the piercing voice from the ferocious spirit echoed in the air again.

"With the second Rune, I seal the area behind me!"

In an instant, a blood-red Rune appeared under the ferocious spirit's feet before it coming behind Su Ming.

The Rune's appearance caused Su Ming's body, which had by then regained some mobility, to freeze for a moment again. As Su Ming's expression changed, he noticed that his power had been suppressed by these two Runes in front and behind him. His body was also forcefully fixed in place.

He was not the only one. Even the malicious spirit was the same. In fact, even the scale and the white jade elephant were frozen in midair.

'What is this divine ability?!' Su Ming's pupils shrank.

"With the third Rune, I seal the heavens!

"With the fourth Rune, I seal the earth!

"With the fifth Rune, I seal all ends!"

When the ferocious spirit spoke again, blood-red Runes appeared around Su Ming one after another. There were five Runes of them in total, but they were all connected together, forming a huge seal around him!

"With the sixth Rune, I seal the heart!"

With a loud bang, the sixth Rune appeared under Su Ming's feet. Because of it, a perfect seal was formed, and it completely sealed Su Ming within it.

The ferocious spirit then rushed forward and turned into a long arc that instantly came into the Rune. During that moment, he flung his arms outwards.

"I turn the netherworld into my hands, and with the seventh Rune, I seal the soul!"

At the instant he said those words, the ferocious spirit's body let out a loud bang and distorted before disappearing from midair. However, he appeared beside Su Ming, who was sealed by the red Runes. Yet the ferocious spirit was no longer in the shape of a human.

Instead… he had turned into a black skeletal hand that shot out from the ground!

That skeletal hand might have seemed to have stretched out from the ground, but if anyone took a closer look, they would be able to see that the hand had grown out of the Rune. This was the ferocious spirit's trump card. He fused his body into the Rune and turned into the black skeletal hand. That hand was several dozens of feet big. When it seized Su Ming, the ferocious spirit's crazed roars immediately echoed beside his ears.

"With my body, I activate the Seven Seals Rune, and I will seal you, and seal you, and seal you again…"

At the instant the ferocious spirit made his first declaration that he would seal him, a powerful whirlwind erupted from the skeletal hand. Since it was the center, it could be said that Su Ming was at the center of a whirlwind. As he was swept up violently, an intense pain surged through his entire body.

His flesh and blood were swiftly torn apart, his cultivation base dissipated nonstop, and his soul suffered the pain of being torn apart.

When the second declaration to seal him was said, a loud bang rose up with it. Su Ming felt as if his entire body was about to collapse. The sealing power from the Rune turned into an impact that was equivalent to self-destruction, and it was raining down continuous blows on his body.

At the instant the third declaration was uttered, Su Ming, who was unable to move, was seized by the skeletal hand. His body, torn by the whirlwind, had blood pouring out from the eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. A powerful sense of danger swiftly rose from the bottom of his heart, screaming at him that the shadow of death was looming over him.

"This is my strongest divine ability! Do you think it'll be unable to kill you?! I'll seal you!"

The ferocious spirit's voice appeared again, and a bang rang out in Su Ming's body. A large amount of fresh blood gushed out from all over him. Under the destructive impact of the sealing power and the whirlwind tearing at him, his body began breaking down!

His arms were torn away. His legs were ripped off. His chest was also split, as if he was being cut to pieces like paper!

However… he did not break completely. As he was torn, a large number of thin branches appeared between Su Ming's limbs. Those branches were like veins. They forcefully connected his body, preventing the tearing from completing, but the more it was so, the greater Su Ming's pain became.

Under it, he gritted his teeth and did not shout, but a crazed killing intent appeared in his eyes.

The more painful it was, the greater his killing intent would grow!

The longer in pain he was, the harder he would struggle to continue living!

"Die! Be sealed!"

The fifth declaration from the ferocious spirit to seal Su Ming rang out. A large number of the branches connecting Su Ming's limbs were broken. As it happened, the indescribable pain caused Su Ming to grit his teeth and turn it into a burst of his life.

Su Ming lifted his head and roared under the intense pain and outburst of life. As he did so, it was as if all the pain he felt was let out of his body. A hint of his cultivation base then seemed to be restored due to it.

"You're the one dying!" At the instant that hint of cultivation base was restored, Su Ming turned his head around with a ferocious growl. A strange light appeared in his eyes.

"Possession!"

When Su Ming said this word, a dark light shone in his eyes before instantly turning dull, but at the instant this happened, his soul spread out and rushed out of the center of his brows to charge towards the skeletal hand that was the ferocious spirit under him!

When his soul touched that skeletal hand, he heard the ferocious spirit immediately making his sixth declaration to seal Su Ming!

Booming sounds surged into the sky from where Su Ming was held. His body turned into a blood fog, for he had been torn apart. He fused into the Rune, and booming sounds echoed ceaselessly.

A powerful wave of impact stirred up from the ground. It distorted the air until even Old Ya Mu above the fog found himself unable to tell what was going on and his pupils narrowed.

But he could sense… that Su Ming had not yet died!
