# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1015

The shout was firm, powerful, and filled with confidence!

Even if the sound of the mountain above cracking were echoing in the air, Huang Mei's voice was still very loud and clear, and it attracted all the people's attention.

It was especially so for Reverend Zi Long. At the instant he saw Huang Mei bringing his right hand up and striking the gourd behind him, his pupils shrank.

Zi Long had always been wary of Huang Mei's gourd. He had vaguely been able to see its origins, which was why he had constantly compromised with him. Even when they had been fighting for a supreme treasure beforehand and Zi Long was ambushed by his despicable tricks, he had only attacked briefly and did not try to force him into a corner. Zi Long could only force down his anger.

The source of it all was that gourd!

Zi Long was eight-tenths certain that the gourd was definitely the legendary supreme treasure from the Fifth True World!

When he saw Huang Mei finally using that treasure and heard him pleading for the gourd to kill Su Ming, Zi Long immediately sucked in a sharp breath. His guess had been correct!

When Zhu You Cai saw the gourd and heard Huang Mei's words, his expression changed.

Xuan Shang, Yun You, and Hua Yu knew nothing about the treasured gourd's origins, but their hearts still trembled when they saw Huang Mei's actions, because after Huang Mei spoke, a powerful ripple of power erupted from the treasured gourd.

The ripples tumbled about and formed a gigantic impact in the shape of a vortex that swept out in all directions.

"Lu Ya's gourd!"

Progenitor Long Hai's expression changed continuously, until he cried out in surprise. He fixed his stare on the gourd, and his Nascent Divinity started showing signs of being close to dissipating.

Flame Fiends' Progenitor was in the same state. As he stared at the gourd behind Huang Mei, strong greed appeared on his face.

Huang Mei saw the group's expressions, and a cold sneer appeared at the corners of his lips. He had been in possession of this treasured gourd for years and had used it very rarely because he wanted to be able to wrestle victory into his hands in one go during a critical moment of a fight.

He had originally not wanted to use it just like that, prepared to attack and kill whoever it was that obtained the Mountain Shifter Art before him so that he could snatch it away.

However, Su Ming's appearance was the last straw for Huang Mei. He absolutely would not allow anyone else to obtain that powerful Art. He would do everything he could to get that Art.

'I'd like to see who will still dare to snatch that Art from me after I kill that person!'

Huang Mei laughed coldly. He did not believe that Su Ming had any chance of surviving this encounter. In his experience, as long as he used the treasured gourd, all of those who were targeted would definitely die, unless their level of cultivation was much higher than his!

As he laughed coldly, the treasured gourd behind his back lit up, shining brightly. As the vortex roared, an eye appeared on the gourd.

There was an aloof look to it. When it appeared, it immediately stared at Su Ming. With a blink, a dense wave of white fog appeared at the mouth of the gourd. That presence was filled with a thick fragrance that immediately filled the area. From the distance, it looked like there were white clouds erupting from the mouth of the gourd.

"I, Huang, am the only one who can gain an epiphany of this Mountain Shifter Art. You're just a young boy, die!" Huang Mei laughed madly, and with a loud bang, the fog from the gourd behind him erupted.

Su Ming opened his eyes at the summit before lowering them to stare at Huang Mei. Unable to help itself, a strange expression appeared on his face.

All the people saw this strange expression, but no one knew the meaning behind it.

"The time taken for that gourd of yours to attack is a little too slow," Su Ming said with a strange tone in his voice.

Once he said those words, the people were all momentarily stunned, especially Huang Mei. He stiffened for a moment. It was the truth. This particular aspect about his gourd was something that brought resignation to him. Every single time he finished the incantation, he would need about a dozen breaths before the divine ability would erupt from the fog, but fortunately, once it erupted, it would lock onto its target formlessly, causing all those who were targeted to be unable to escape no matter where they went.

"Even if it's slow, it'll still be enough to kill you!" Huang Mei said in a prideful manner.

Su Ming's expression became even stranger. He sighed. His action caused the other's gazes to flicker, because there was not a single hint of fear or panic on his face at that moment. Thus, that strange expression of his puzzled everyone.

The next instant, Su Ming no longer hesitated and lifted his right hand to strike his storage bag. Immediately, a gourd the size of a palm appeared on his right hand. When he lifted it up, he swept his left hand over it.

"Treasured gourd, please kill him," Su Ming said with a strange tone in his voice. He believed that one of the two gourds was definitely an imitation, but he trusted the bald crane. The change that had happened to it when it saw the gourd was something that Su Ming would never forget. He felt… that there was a high possibility that his was the real thing.

Almost the instant Su Ming brought out the small gourd, all the people's expressions in the area changed, and then, all of them became strange at the same time.

Even Reverend Zi Long, with his ability to remain calm, could not help but widen his eyes at that instant, disbelief appearing on his face. Zhu You Cai also blinked a couple times. He stared at Su Ming and Huang Mei before a smile that he could not control appeared on the corners of his lips. He thought that the scene right then was slightly out of expectations, and rather absurd.

Compared to the two of them, Xuan Shang, Yun You, and Hua Yu found themselves a little unable to accept the development of this situation. They stared at the small gourd on Su Ming's palm with a dumbfounded gaze before looking over at the big gourd on Huang Mei's back, and then, their minds were completely occupied by the two gourds of differing sizes.

'The… big one should be stronger, right?' Besides this one single thought, Xuan Shang's mind was empty.

As for Progenitor Long Hai, he sucked in a sharp breath. He suddenly realized that there were plenty of secrets surrounding Su Ming. Just that gourd alone could immediately overturn the world in this place.

Flame Fiends' Progenitor blinked. He was unable to tell just which one was the real deal…

Huang Mei was especially affected. As his expression changed drastically, he cried out in surprise, "You-you... Why do you have it as well?!"

At the instant he said those words, the gourd behind him let out a loud bang again, and as a large amount of white fog erupted from it, a small human rushed out.

That small human was semi-transparent and held a black blade in her hands. Her expression was slightly sluggish, and judging from her appearance, this small human was a female… When she rushed out of the fog, she fixed her stare on Su Ming.

"Treasured gourd, please kill him!"

Powerful killing intent shone in Huang Mei's eyes. When he saw that Su Ming also had a gourd, an ominous feeling rose in his heart, but when the small human appeared from his gourd, that feeling immediately disappeared. He lifted his right hand and pointed at Su Ming while roaring.

The small human from the gourd behind him immediately threw her head back and let out a piercing screech, before rushing over towards Su Ming. The fog beside her tumbled about and covered her body, making it seem like she was riding on clouds. Murderous aura surged into the sky from her.

An indescribable, mighty pressure erupted from Su Ming's gourd as well. It brought with it an extreme sharpness that seemed like it could cut through all the laws in the universe.

"So what if you also have a gourd?! It's just an imitation! How dare you bring it out against the real thing!"

Right after Huang Mei finished saying these things, seven eyes appeared on Su Ming's gourd! Those seven eyes blinked at the same time, their gazes aloof, and Huang Mei's heart let out a loud thump. He remembered how his gourd only had one eye when he used it.

However, when he recalled how his gourd would definitely succeed every time the small human appeared, a great amount of confidence rose in him again.

But right then, fog burst out of the gourd in Su Ming's hand. At the same time, a small human the size of a palm rushed out of the gourd. He was also holding onto a blade in his right hand.

The small human from Su Ming's gourd was very small, but he was not an illusion. He looked incredibly real, and his appearance was also very distinct, just like that of a real person. He was also not female, but male.

And the small human from Su Ming's gourd did not have any sort of delay like Huang Mei's did after he recited his incantation. Instead, he flew out immediately, and compared to the small human from Huang Mei's gourd, he chose to remain silent instead of throwing his head back to roar!

One of them roared, the other remained silent. One of them had a delay, and the other moved immediately.

Even if they had yet to collide, all of the people in the area were shrewd, calculative monsters, so it was impossible for them to be unable to tell just which of the two was real.

However, the thing that made them hesitant about their answer was the fact that… one of them was too big, and the other… too small.

At the instant Huang Mei's expression changed, replaced by disbelief, the small human from his gourd turned her head around and bit down on his neck, but he was clearly already used to this. He did not dodge and simply allowed that little female to suck his blood, flesh, and essence. When she let go of him, she let out a screech and rushed out to crash into the small human from Su Ming's gourd.

In the mid of Huang Mei's nervous anticipation, his body suddenly shuddered, and he opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but his face turned pale and he coughed up a mouthful of blood. This blood was not due to being injured… but from outrage!

He was not the only one feeling out of sorts. The expressions of all the other people in the area turned incredibly strange as they looked at the scene in the sky with dumbfounded expressions.

There was no battle, no slaughter, no loud bangs that rose from any form of collision.

The small human who flew out from Su Ming's gourd stopped in midair. The female human from Huang Mei's gourd instantly closed in, but the instant she did so, she trembled… and acted bashfully in front of the male…

But that was not all. As the small human from Huang Mei's gourd started acting bashfully, she approached the small human from Su Ming's gourd, who had an aloof and prideful expression on his face. Once she did so, she knelt down in the air, and the human from Su Ming's gourd… even put on an expression as if he did not really like her.

He then nodded, as if he was forced to do something very difficult. The small human from Huang Mei's gourd stood up again and swiftly shrank to the same size as the small human from Su Ming's gourd…

All the people who witnessed this scene—no matter how they looked at it—thought that the female human was showing her infatuation to the male human.
