# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1019

"Di Tian!" The roar emitted by Su Ming's three great clones at the same time echoed through the crumbling dimension within the fifth kiln.

Just then, Su Ming had had a powerful feeling that he was summoning his real body. He even had the feeling that he was already in his physical body and could have it move through space to arrive in this dimension.

However, he was stopped again and again. During that process, Su Ming used the rampaging power around him to forcefully take away his real body, but during the critical moment, he was stopped again.

But it had allowed Su Ming to gather all his power of Lunar Kalpa Realm as well as the Three Mountains Illuminating the Moon to break all barriers and open his eyes!

His real physical body's eyes!

It might have only lasted for an instant, but it had allowed him to see a person in black robes, and the face underneath that black hood. It was… Di Tian!

"One of these days, I will snatch my real body back!" Su Ming threw his head back and roared. There might no longer be a single ferocious spirit around him, but the destruction of the dimension had reached its peak.

During that instant, the collapsing dimension was letting out deafening booms. They made it seem like the world had exploded on its own. The entire dimension completely burst apart.

As it happened, the rampaging power swept through the area and surged madly towards Su Ming. It was as if his existence was the black hole in the exploding dimension.

The eyes of all Su Ming's three clones shrank. At the instant the rampaging power surged over, they formed a seal with their hands at the same time. With a bang, a powerful light burst forth from the moons behind the three clones.

The light was formed by shades of gray, red, and yellow. At the instant it overlapped with Su Ming, he let out a low growl.

"Three Mountains Illuminate the Moon!"

The moons behind his three clones grew larger during that moment and overlapped with each other at the spot in the middle.

The three moons then turned into one. It was so big that the moment it appeared and the rampaging power in the dimension crumbling around him swept over, it absorbed and devoured it.

Booming sounds echoed in the air, causing Su Ming's moon to become larger, until it reached the height of several hundreds of feet. That moon was something that no other cultivators had ever obtained before. In fact, there was never a time that such a large moon was formed by anyone when they reached Lunar Kalpa Realm in the universe.

That was because Su Ming's moon was formed by all the cultivation bases from dozens of Almighties. It was formed with the essence of a dimension gathered over countless years. It was the moon formed when Su Ming walked from death to life and from midwinter to spring.

Rumbling sounds reverberated in the air, and the dimension shattered. Su Ming did not waste even a single bit of his serendipity. He absorbed all of it and formed… the most powerful moon in Lunar Kalpa Realm that no one before him had ever formed, and no one after him would ever form either!

Even those in Solar Kalpa Realm would be incredibly weak before his moon. This was… the one moon in Lunar Kalpa Realm that filled the world… one that could threaten Almighties who were Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death!

At the instant that moon was formed, Su Ming's three great clones gathered and fused together, instantly turning into a one person. The moon was behind him, filling Su Ming with a monstrous, malicious air!

After all, no one possessed such a large moon in Lunar Kalpa Realm. The moon shone in three colors, and they overlapped continuously. When the gray light appeared on Su Ming, he was the incarnation of the netherworld under the universe. He symbolized death and destruction!

When red light appeared on his body, he was not the only thing that was dyed entirely in red. His heart and soul were also colored that way. During that moment, Su Ming was the crazed Immortal who knew all forms of slaughter. That red was the desire for blood, which was the resolution Su Ming had made in the past - his determination to dye the sky red!

When the yellow light appeared on Su Ming's body, it meant that he no longer symbolized death or the red shade of autumn. He was no longer destruction and slaughter, but was a life force at its most supreme state. He was the type of life force that was merciful to all forms of life in the world and would nourish them. He was the eternal existence within the scorching summer where all those who followed him could obtain eternal life.

Three different lives, three different presences, and three different feelings fused together… giving Su Ming a malicious air that surged into the heavens!

The word 'wicked' could no longer be used to describe the bizarre air about him. However, one thing was certain - from then on, Su Ming was an existence that had never appeared before in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos!

When he opened his eyes, the world before him gone. He also saw the body of the supreme treasure tumbling backwards in the turbulence stirred up once the dimension was destroyed and reduced to nothingness.

Su Ming turned his head around. During that moment, the presence of death spread out from his whole body. He was dressed in a long gray robe, had long gray hair, gray pupils, and he was… the heartless and aloof persona of death.

He took a step forward, and even with the impact of the dimension's destruction, there seemed to be no form of power that dared to stop his actions. With one step, he appeared beside the body of the supreme treasure, then lifted his right hand to catch its arm.

Xu Hui's heart shuddered. Even her breathing had stopped for a moment when she saw Su Ming's gaze and those gray pupils. A powerful sense of unfamiliarity rose in her, causing her to almost be unable to recognize the person in front of her as Su Ming.

With the arm of the body formed by the supreme treasure in his hand, the gray Su Ming lifted his head. With an aloof gaze, he moved towards the void that was formed after the dimension collapsed.

With a loud bang that sliced through space and shocked the heavens, Su Ming brought Xu Hui into the void. With a flash, they disappeared from the destroyed dimension.

At the instant they left, Su Ming turned his head around and cast a glance at the countless fragments left after the dimension beneath him had been destroyed. With a heartless gaze, he cast a glance at one of the fragments.

It was during that moment that the expression of Old Ya Mu in the galaxy beyond the fifth kiln turned incredibly dark. He had been able to sense everything that happened to Su Ming in his dimension because he had left a Brand there before he left.

He did not expect that Su Ming would be able to sense the Brand's existence. The strangeness of Su Ming was something he had expected less, and even his heart trembled from that.

"From death to life, from midwinter to spring, what a path… What a man you are, Su Ming," Old Ya Mu mumbled after a while.

"Three Mountains Illuminate the Moon… the three great clones each turn into a mark of a mountain and reflect a moon at the same time. This moon… is something that has never appeared before, and it is so strong that it can shock even an average Almighty in Mastery Realm!

"He could have used the serendipity to reach Lunar Kalpa Realm and then head to Mastery Realm… but he did not, and that shows that he is aiming for something incredibly big!

"I can tell that he is aiming for his real physical body, because if he isn't complete, then even if he reached Mastery Realm, he would… be far from the person he created right now!

"If he fuses with his real physical body someday, then he will become complete, and then based on his epiphany, he will be able to move from death to life… which is the Life Realm!

"This is what you are plotting for. You created a cultivation method, a divine ability that would allow you to step straight into Life Realm within the four great Realms for Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death!

"This divine ability is powerful enough to stand toe-to-toe with the Mountain Shifter Art and the Nine Heavenly Abyss Sword Styles!

"What a man you are, Su Ming." Old Ya Mu stared at the galaxy behind him and mumbled under his breath. A hint of respect appeared in his eyes.

"In the near future, another Almighty in Life Realm will… appear in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos!" Ya Mu let out a sigh filled with emotion, then turned his head around to walk into the distance.

"Su Xuan Yi… with a son like this, even if you are suffering greatly now, you should be relieved and happy."

Old Ya Mu's figure gradually disappeared into the distance. Then, he vanished without a trace from the galaxy.

Within the fifth kiln, Su Ming was in the void with Xu Hui. There, they seemed to go through countless years. Vaguely, Su Ming saw Reverend Zi Long. He was fighting against some ferocious beasts in a dimension within the void.

He also saw that Xuan Shang, Yun You, and Hua Yu having split up. He saw Yun You scream in pain when a Fire Spirit burned his body and devoured his Nascent Divinity.

He also saw Hua Yu, who was skilled in sealing souls, carefully moving forward through a swamp, completely unaware of a dozen pairs of green eyes staring at his back coldly.

Su Ming saw Flame Fiends' Progenitor as well. He had a battle axe in his hand and was laughing loudly at the sky, unwilling to part with that axe because he was too fond of it.

Progenitor Long Hai was quietly following Xuan Shang. There was a cold sneer at the corners of his lips. He had been following Xuan Shang for a long time without the latter noticing him.

There was also… Zhu You Cai.

Su Ming saw him sitting on a mountain. While looking at the bright moon, tears trickled down his cheeks. In his hand was a medicinal core. His tears fell and landed on the ground. When they broke off into even smaller droplets, Zhu You Cai's murmured to himself.

"I will definitely find the fifth stone, head to the Fifth True World, and find Abyss Builders. No matter what price I have to pay… I will resurrect you!"

Su Ming saw all of this when he moved through the void. He could ignore everyone else, but when it came to Zhu You Cai, he remembered the Life Inequity Spear as well as how the other had acted to save him when they were in the mountain. Those were acts of kindness.

And acts of kindness had to be repaid.

When Su Ming remembered Zhu You Cai's words, his hair no longer remained gray, but turned yellow. His pupils also gained a yellow shade, and the presence spreading out from him was a vast, indescribable life force. There was also a warmth in him that would cause a person to instinctively want to get closer to him.

At that moment, even if he was not smiling, in all people's eyes, there would be a faint smile on his lips. The warmth in it was a charm that would cause everyone to give up on everything and choose to follow him. It was… the light of God that would intoxicate people and make them want to worship it.

Su Ming had no idea how much time had passed. When he reached the end of the void, a hazy layer of fog appeared in front of him. He could tell that there was a border formed by several Spirit Trudging Platforms there.

This was the deepest part of the fifth kiln, and the place where the first border was located. Once he moved past this place, he would step into the real core of the fifth kiln!

Over there… the fifth stone would appear!
