# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1020

Su Ming reached the first border while moving through the void. The Spirit Trudging Platforms there were not completely empty at that moment. There were a few Fire Spirits lying sprawled on them. The color of those Fire Spirits was rather dull, but the presence spreading out from their bodies was incredibly powerful.

Almost the instant Su Ming rushed out of the fog and stepped on the Spirit Trudging Platforms, the Fire Spirits turned towards him with fierceness in their eyes.

However, that fierceness disappeared right away and turned into confusion that revealed itself in screeching. Not a single hint of malicious intent could be heard in their voices. Instead, there was a feeling of closeness and intimacy.

Su Ming smiled. With his golden hair and golden eyes, he stepped onto a Spirit Trudging Platform with Xu Hui, who was pale, in his arms. The strength of the Fire Spirits gave her goosebumps.

Su Ming's arrival caused the Fire Spirits to immediately scatter from the place. When he stepped on the Spirit Trudging Platform, they sized him up with curiosity before surprised delight appeared in their eyes. Then, they ran to him one after another, as if the golden light spreading out from his body could make them extremely comfortable.

Su Ming lifted his head. He did not bother with the Fire Spirits, but stared into the distance. There was the real core of the fifth kiln. As he watched it, he lifted his foot, intending to move forward, but then he came to an abrupt halt.

"Darn it all…" A certain catch phrase from a certain bald crane who had just woken up echoed in Su Ming's mind.

"Hey? What's this light? What is this light?!" the bald crane immediately screamed, and a smile appeared at the corners of Su Ming's lips. He lowered his head to look at his storage bag. It shone before his eyes, and the bald crane flew out on its own. When it saw Su Ming, it widened its eyes.

"If you're awake, then follow me on your own," Su Ming said faintly and did not linger anymore in that place. He took a step forward and left into the distance to walk straight into the space leading to the core of the fifth kiln.

The bald crane widened its eyes behind Su Ming. As it stared at the golden light around him, it was astonished and puzzled. Suddenly, roars came from behind it. When it turned its head back, it immediately saw the Fire Spirits adopting hostile expressions, looking as if they were about to pounce over.

The bald crane shuddered, and with a loud screech, it transformed into golden bald crane with golden light spreading out from its body, but its light did not have any effect on Fire Spirits' hostility. Instead, as it pierced their eyes, they roared furiously and rushed forward.

"Unfair!" With a shrill screech, the bald crane fled, flapping its wings desperately to catch up to Su Ming. With much difficulty, it avoided being caught by the Fire Spirits, and as it escaped, its heart filled with indignation.

"Darn it all, I just woke up! Just woke up, you know? Why did I run into something like this? And why isn't that golden light I made effective?

"Something's not right. The color is the same, so could it be that there is something different fundamentally?" While feeling indignant, the bald crane continuously changed the light on its body. One moment it was golden yellow, then yellowish brown, and in the next, it had the shade of wax…

But when the bald crane caught up to Su Ming and looked at him again, its body froze for a moment before it widened its eyes. They went blank, because at that moment, the color around Su Ming's body was no longer golden yellow, but crimson red!

Long red hair, red eyes, a long red robe, and a vast murderous aura as well as madness spreading from his entire body formed a killing intent that surged into the sky and filled the area. Even the void around them trembled nonstop because of that killing intent.

After a long while, Su Ming's expression gradually changed. This time, he was no longer gray, nor gold or red. Instead, he returned to how he usually looked. With a frown on his face, he moved forward in the void, his expression slightly dark.

'I need to fuse with my real body as soon as possible, or else my clones will be slightly unstable… I couldn't control the changes previously. At the slightest stimulation, I would change.' A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes while he was in the void. He had noticed what was wrong with him, since it was like his whole personality changed at a moment's notice.

That change was not something he could control on his own. As three personalities, three clones, and the Three Mountains Illuminating the Moon fused together, they might seem stable, but in truth, a crucial part was missing… his real self.

'Before I absorbed the serendipity and had the Three Mountains Illuminating the Moon fuse together, I didn't have those fluctuating emotions. But why did this happen once I had the three mountains illuminate the moon and turned them into the gigantic moon for my Lunar Kalpa Realm?' Su Ming frowned while charging forward through the void.

'I remember the Duke of Crimson Flame once mentioning that Abyss Builders have an incredibly mysterious divine ability which allows them to have all of their clones fuse together with a unique method so that they can reach an incredibly terrifying state of power.

'I didn't quite understand what he meant previously and thought that the previous method I used was the way, but by the looks of it now… Could it be that the method of fusion I used only now is that mysterious fusion that belongs to Abyss Builders?' Su Ming wondered.

However, the instant that thought formed in his head, a sense of danger rose in him. Fog tumbled about swiftly in the void beneath him, and shrill roars were coming from over there.

"Give me back my life…" Within the roars there were drifting words that echoed in space. They were indistinct, but were piercing and shrill to the ears!

"Keep me company…"

"Give me back my life…"

The voice rose and fell as if there were numerous people talking at the same time. They said different words, and as they echoed in the air, a powerful wave of resentment spread through the void.

Then, Su Ming saw shadows appearing out of nowhere in the void beneath him. They turned into strange life forms that resembled ghosts, and he could clearly see that there was madness and great resentment on their faces. Once they saw Su Ming, dark light shone in their eyes and they charged towards him silently.

Almost the instant he saw the ghosts, a gray tint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. His hair also turned gray, and a thick aura of death swiftly erupted from his body without reservation.

At that moment, Su Ming was cold and heartless. Not a single hint of emotion could be detected in his eyes; he was like a dead man!

And in the world of the dead… there were no living creatures. All those who lived were the enemies!

The instant Su Ming turned gray, he let go of Xu Hui's hand. Her heart trembled, and she moved back. At that moment, Su Ming was so unfamiliar to her that it was as if she had never gotten to know him. That aura of death coming from his body made her think of death.

The aura was so thick that it filled the entire void in the blink of an eye. The powerful resentful immediately dissipated, as if it was a presence that simply did not belong on the same level.

'He… He…'

The bald crane came to an abrupt halt and widened its eyes in disbelief. When it stared at Su Ming, even though it did not have any feathers on its body, it still as if they were standing up from goosebumps all over its skin.

"Darn it all, what's going on?!" The bald crane was stuttering slightly. It moved back swiftly, feeling as if it had seen a fierce ghost.

"Such a thick aura of death… Could it be that he climbed out of hell? Damn it, how could this be? This… This is…" The bald crane shuddered, but an excited glint gradually appeared in its eyes.

"Haha! The stronger Su Ming is, the more I can bully others in the future and snatch their crystals as much as I want to! Bald crane, o bald crane, you are too great, how could you follow a monster like this? You are the person I admire the most, there is no other person I admire more!"

While the bald crane was filled with excitement, the gray-eyed Su Ming was so cold it was as if he was a block of freezing ice. He lowered his head and cast a faint glance at the void beneath him, where the ghosts who originally wanted to rush out had all now come to a halt in shock once the aura of death had spread out.

"All of you should not be alive, even if you are existing in this sort of state." When Su Ming said those words coldly, he lifted his right hand and seized space. Cracking sounds instantly rang out, and the Life Inequity Spear took shape. Su Ming caught it in his hand. Sinc he'd changed, besides the coldness on his face, there had not been a single hint of any other emotion on him.

In fact, Su Ming's mind was very rational at that moment, and once it reached a certain point, it would turn… into callousness!

That rationality could allow him to use whatever method and means to destroy the existences he wanted dead.

It could be said that this particular state of his and the red madness were two complete opposites from each other.

While speaking, Su Ming had already taken a step forward. He was so quick that he instantly closed in on the ghosts. They screamed shrilly in pain, and gray light shone in Su Ming's eyes. Immediately, cracking sounds rose into the air. The aura of death from Su Ming's body turned extremely cold and spread out rapidly through the air to cover the entire area, causing the ghosts to freeze for a moment. During that instant, Su Ming threw the long spear in his hand forward.

With it, the void roared. A gigantic moon appeared clearly behind Su Ming. The color of that moon was gray. When it appeared, the screams from the ghosts became even more shrill and forlorn. Their aura immediately spread out from their bodies, as if they were about to wiped off. They wanted to retreat, but when Su Ming threw the Life Inequity Spear, a vortex was formed at the tip of the spear. That vortex stirred up the entire area, causing all the ghosts who wanted to retreat to be unable to move. They could only fade away =while screaming in pain under the aura of death from the moon.

However, there were some ghosts that escaped from the pull of the vortex. But just as they were about to change their forms and escape, Su Ming struck his storage bag with his left hand, and a gourd appeared. There were no longer just seven eyes on the gourd, but eight of them. Su Ming recited the incantation, and once a glint shone in all eight of the eyes, two small humans flew out and went after the ghosts who intended to flee.

The bald crane saw this, and its pupils swiftly constricted. It stared at the small female, and a perplexed expression appeared on its face.

'Hmm? Well, darn it all. Why does that small human look so familiar? Why does it feel like one of the female gourds I created to take revenge on Lu Ya after I was chased down by that old bastard? It really feels like one of the gourds I created to disgust him and seduce that small human from his gourd…'

The bald crane scratched its head in bemusement, filled with surprise.
