# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1036

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming stood in midair as the clouds and fog behind him tumbled about and opened a crack in the air whose inside could not be seen. Within it purple lightning roared, giving Su Ming an air of mystery and mighty pressure in the eyes of the tens of thousands of cultivators.

His presence swept out in all directions and suppressed all the cultivation base of the people on the land. It was not a mighty pressure formed by his purple Ecang, but his own power.

With it, Su Ming was like a God as he swept his gaze across the land. The hearts of all the cultivators who entered his field of vision trembled, and they immediately lowered their heads. Unable to help themselves, they kneelt on the ground and worshiped him.

When Su Ming’s gaze landed on an old man who was staring at him with a sentimental look while sitting among the stone monuments, he could vaguely recognize that it was Zhou Kang—the middle-aged man from back when he’d first come there.

Quite some time had passed since then, and the change in him was incredibly great.

‘Since his love died, his heart fell into decline; he no longer has the desire to live. His body is like a puppet, without any reason to continue living in misery.’ Su Ming sighed in his heart. He walked over slowly until he stood on the ground right in front of Zhou Kang.

“Big Brother Zhou,” Su Ming said softly.

The white-haired Zhou Kang stared at Su Ming, and a smile appeared on his face. The two of them did not need words between them. As their gazes met, the events from the past rose in their minds.

In the past, Su Ming had been as weak as an ant. If Zhou Kang had not given him directions and pointers, it would have been difficult for him to survive, and Su Ming would not forget such kindness.

“Greetings, my liege!” Zhao Family’s Progenitor sucked in a deep breath and bowed again.

Su Ming turned his head around, and his gaze turned cold. He cast a glance at Zhao Family’s Progenitor. He had been chased by his enemy into the foreign land with the remaining members of his family, which then all became Su Ming’s tributes for the purple stone monuments. Based on what Su Ming saw, Zhao Family’s Progenitor had already reached a breakthrough in his level of cultivation. It was a telling sign that he had been training at a mad pace.

“Continue training. When you reach Lunar Kalpa Realm or become even stronger, you’ll be free to leave. You can also leave… when all the people with the purple stone monuments attain full completion in World Kalpa Realm,” Su Ming said faintly. He swept his gaze past all the people with purple stone monuments, then turned around and took a step into the air.

He gradually disappeared. No one knew where he went, but his short presence had left a mark in the hearts of all the people in the place.

When Su Ming disappeared, the area was silent.

Discussions only rose and echoed faintly in the air after a long while.

“That person is…”

“Who is he?! How can he make the purple stone monuments shine with such light?! He’s also known as the liege by those people with the purple stone monuments!”

“Who else can he be beside the legendary Mo Su from Western Ring Nebula’s foreign land?”

“Mo Su?! He’s Mo Su?!”

Mo Su’s name echoed in the world with the one hundred thousand stone monuments within Western Ring Nebula’s foreign land. During that moment, Su Ming walked out of space and appeared in the one hundred thousand galaxies belonging to the purple Ecang.

As he stared at them, a brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. Behind him, the incomparably large tree that was Ecang’s real body immediately manifested. A monstrous, malicious presence instantly filled the galaxy.

Su Ming shut his eyes slowly. After a long while, when he opened them again, he threw his head back and roared. As he did so, the gigantic Ecang behind him charged over to gather on him. It was as if Su Ming’s body had turned into an invisible black hole that would devour everything. Once he absorbed Ecang into his own body, cracking sounds came from within him. Branches crawled out of his body, and the whole area began swaying viciously. A purple light shone in Su Ming’s eyes.

At that moment, he could be said to be a complete Ecang, but he was weaker than the Ecang sung in the ballad in the past. However, he was still stronger than the other portions of Ecang’s soul, because they were incomplete. Yet due to the serendipity Su Ming had gained in the fifth kiln, his Ecang had fused perfectly with his body.

Because of it, Su Ming was already a more superior life form than the other fragments of Ecang’s soul!

“Ten-colored Ecangs, I now occupy purple, and next… I will devour!”

A purple glint flashed in Su Ming’s eyes. When the one hundred thousand purple dimensions shone in them, they shuddered with a bang, as if they had turned into his eyes. As they shone, the galaxies trembled.

“I wonder which color will be the first that I will devour?”

Su Ming took a swift step forward. He was so quick that in an instant, he had already crossed an immeasurable distance. The purple galaxies behind him tumbled about, as they had turned into a purple ocean. They surged and followed behind Su Ming to form a presence that shook the sky and earth.

As booming sounds reverberated in the air, Su Ming reached the edge of the one hundred thousand purple galaxies. If he stepped over, he would enter the region that belonged to another portion of Ecang’s soul. There was a barrier separating them, which had been assigned by all of them at the same time in the past. It was a rule not to cross them.

It was a rule shared among the Ecangs. If it had been in the past, this rule would have limited Su Ming’s actions. But once his purple Ecang had been completed, what he needed to do was not to fuse with the other portions of Ecang souls so that he could become the Ecang in the ballad. Instead… he was going to devour the other Ecangs to turn them into his nourishment, and with his will being the dominant one… he would become the new Ecang!

This was not rebirth. It was him taking over their place!

Bang!

With a crude manner and without any skill whatsoever, Su Ming brought the one hundred thousand purple galaxies and rammed against the barrier.

Booming sounds echoed in the air, and the invisible barrier started trembling furiously. The noise spread through the whole Western Ring Nebula’s foreign land, and it was the sound that belonged to Ecang’s one million galaxies!

One Ecang had one hundred thousand galaxies, so ten Ecangs would mean one million galaxies. They were all trembling at that moment. Even though Su Ming had crashed into just one of the barriers, he still managed to shake all the galaxies.

The place with the one hundred thousand stone monuments trembled furiously as well. As if the ground was shaking, all the stone monuments began shivering, especially… the ten thousand blue stone monuments. They trembled increasingly more furiously, because the barrier Su Ming had rammed against was the barrier connecting the purple and blue galaxies.

When booming sounds surged into the air, the people in the one hundred thousand stone monuments sported drastic changes. At the instant confusion appeared on their faces, nine great wills appeared around Su Ming. They charged towards him as if they were fuming in rage.

“Purple! What are you doing?!”

“Purple, do you want to break our promise?!”

“Get lost, purple! If you dare traverse my territory, then you’re intentionally not abiding to our promise, and I will make you fuse with me!”

The furious roars from the wills echoed in the area, but Su Ming’s expression was cold and aloof. He did not answer the words from those wills. Instead, he replied to them with his actions. With the power from the one hundred thousand purple galaxies, he rammed against the barrier again.

As booming sounds surged into the heavens, the barrier trembled even more furiously. During that instant, Su Ming raised his hands and stretched them above his head. The one hundred thousand purple galaxies behind him immediately shrank and charged towards his hands, causing the purple hue in the area to swiftly disappear. As they were reduced to nothingness, Ecang’s will gathered on Su Ming’s hands, along with the power of the one hundred thousand purple galaxies. Su Ming’s own power was also gathered there, and he… swiftly slammed against the barrier.

Cracking sounds rose into the air. Su Ming’s hands shot through the barrier, and the instant he ripped through, a loud crash could be heard; the invisible barrier gained corporeal form in front of Su Ming. A large crack was torn through, and dazzling blue light spilled out from inside. It illuminated Su Ming’s body, making it seem as if he had turned blue.

“So this is the blue Ecang’s territory.” A cold smile appeared at the corners of Su Ming’s lips. He rushed forward and shot through the crack. Along with him came endless purple light. When the one hundred thousand purple galaxies manifested themselves again, they invaded the blue galaxies simultaneously.

“Purple, you’re just asking for death!”

“Purple, all of us will attack you and make you disintegrate. We’ll make you know the price for breaking the promise.”

“Purple, you’ve broken the promise we made in the past. You must die. You must fuse with us. You must become the nutrients for our nine wills to grow, you…”

“Shut up!”

Su Ming threw his head back and roared. When his voice spread across the one million galaxies in loud, thunderous booms, his hair turned red and crimson light shone in his eyes. Heinous murderous aura erupted from his body, and he took a step forward to charge towards the one hundred thousand blue galaxies in the distance.

The moment he did so, a gigantic Ecang appeared in the blue galaxies. The tree was large beyond comparison, and was entirely blue. At the instant his roar shook the galaxy, Su Ming had already closed in on the tree.

Bang!

The loud sound caused the blue galaxies to tremble, and the other fragments of Ecang’s soul sent their wills into the area. When their bodies gradually manifested, all of them froze for a moment, and shock appeared on their faces.

In the mid of the loud bangs, Su Ming had crashed into the large blue Ecang. As he did that, countless branches erupted from within his body. Those branches seeped into the blue Ecang’s body, and without stopping even for a moment, they started absorbing it in a frenzy.

“Get lost!” the blue Ecang roared.

The power of Ecang burst out from its body, but the instant it touched Su Ming, it immediately disappeared without a trace, as if it was being suppressed. This was not a suppression brought by any form of cultivation case, but… the suppression of a superior life form!

The blue Ecang began shrinking in front of everyone’s eyes. As Su Ming absorbed it, its enraged roars turned into cries of surprise, along with shivers filled with fear and disbelief.

“You… you… you aren’t a fragment of Ecang’s soul, you’re complete! This is impossible! This is…”

As the blue Ecang trembled in panic, its body shattered with a bang. Once Su Ming completely absorbed it, he turned around and looked at the eight other fragments of Ecang’s soul. The countless branches around him swept across the area. A powerful aura that had never appeared around him before spilled out, Su Ming not holding even a single bit of it back. Within that aura was endless malice and bloodthirst. His murderous aura was shocking to all who sensed it, and the blue galaxies were disassembled with a bang to instantly… turn purple!
