# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1037

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When Su Ming Possessed the purple Ecang, he had spent dozens of breaths to complete the process, while fusing and absorbing it had required cycles of sixty years for him.

If he had used a long time to devour the blue Ecang, the other Ecangs wouldn’t have been too asnotished. However, Su Ming… had only spent an instant to devour it!

It was only an instant. His collision against the blue Ecang only lasted for the duration of the blink of an eye, and everything… was complete. At the instant the blue galaxies were covered by a shade of purple as if ink had spilled on them, the one hundred thousand blue galaxies turned into a purple world and made the number of galaxies Su Ming’s Ecang possessed to increase to two hundred thousand!

It also caused Su Ming to become the strongest Ecang at the moment he completed the devouring of the blue Ecang. In truth, he was already the strongest even before that, but then… he became even stronger!

The whole galaxy was purple as invisible ripples spread out in all directions. Su Ming turned around, and his eyes… were still purple, because that purple was the foundation of his strength. However… the shade of purple then was even more dazzling than before. It was even more piercing, even more enchanting, and the malicious presence spreading out from him was even more monstrous!

His long hair fluttered while his robes moved without wind. As he stood in the purple galaxies and lowered his head slightly, a wild and untamed string of laughter tumbled out of his lips and spread out from him. When it echoed in the galaxies, it had the feeling of Su Ming looking down on the whole universe. As it spread in all directions, the eight other fragments of Ecang’s soul retreated swiftly as their hearts trembled, intending to leave the blue galaxies which Su Ming had devoured.

They were in the core of the world with the one hundred thousand stone monuments located in Western Ring Nebula’s foreign land. Everything that happened there would cause a chain reaction in the world outside. The moment the blue galaxies turned purple and the blue Ecang was devoured by Su Ming, a powerful purple light erupted from the ten thousand purple stone monuments in the land with the one hundred thousand stone monuments, instantly covering the whole place.

Immediately, shrill screams of pain rang out. The ones who screamed were not the ones with the purple stone monuments… but the ten thousand people that belonged to the blue stone monuments!

No matter what level of cultivation they possessed, no matter whether they were men or women, the elderly or the young, those ten thousand people all let out incredibly shrill screams at that instant. Blood poured out from their eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. They knelt down on the ground, and as their bodies trembled nonstop, a complicated runic symbol appeared as a bump at the center of their brows. It looked like a Brand, but also as if it had grown at the center of their brows. Its color was blue, and it was shining with a blue light.

Cracks ran down their monuments, spreading swiftly, and a faint blue light erupted from within them. This scene immediately shocked the people around the area. They could not help but allow fear to enter their expressions.

Even though the onlookers were not the ones screaming in pain, the feeling as if they were going through the same pain was incredibly clear. Not knowing what happened to cause this turned into fear at the bottom of their hearts, causing the land with the one hundred thousand stone monuments to immediately rise in commotion. However, the uproar from the tens of thousands of people still could not drown out the incredibly shrill and forlorn screams of pain from the people of the blue stone monuments.

“What happened?!”

“What… What’s going on?! How could this happen?!”

“Their stone monuments… are cracking!”

At the instant the uproar rose, the ten thousand blue stone monuments suddenly shone with blue light from the cracks. It dulled soon, until completely disappearing without a trace. Once it was gone, an incredibly dense and powerful purple light shot out from within the monuments. In the blink of an eye, the originally blue stone monuments became… purple!

The ten thousand cultivators underneath those stone monuments… did not die even though they were screaming at the top of their lungs. Instead, the originally rapidly flashing blue mark at the center of their brows turned purple!

It shone several times before disappearing, and the shrill screams of pain gradually grew weaker. However, as sweat covered those people’s bodies, they looked at their stone monuments with fear.

There were twenty thousand purple stone monuments standing tall within the land with the one hundred thousand stone monuments. This scene instantly attracted the attention of everyone present, and was immediately followed by a silence akin to death itself.

The people seemed to have come to a vague understanding, but the confusion in them and the fear towards the unknown was even greater.

In the core of Western Ring Nebula’s foreign land where the vast one million galaxies were located, unseen to others, were the two hundred thousand purple galaxies that belonged to Su Ming. At that moment, he raised his head, and an indescribable malicious presence spread out from his body. The smile on his lips had a strange enchanting air to it. The gaze of his purple eyes landed on the rapidly retreating fragments of Ecang’s soul who intended to leave his purple galaxy.

Su Ming did not take any action to stop them. He simply allowed the eight Ecangs to leave. After all, even if he stopped them here, it would not bring about much effect. Su Ming’s goal was to devour their real bodies.

Almost at the instance the Ecangs were about to disappear, Su Ming whipped his head around and his body turned into a long arc. The two hundred thousand purple galaxies were swept up and formed a presence that he’d never possessed before charging into the distance like long arcs.

“I wonder which color will be next.”

Purple light shone in Su Ming’s eyes, and his speed increased exponentially. Booming sounds reverberated in the galaxy. In just a few breaths, he approached another barrier.

Boom!

Loud booms echoed in the galaxy when Su Ming rammed his body against the invisible barrier. Under the impact, a wide-area tremor shook the barrier. When Su Ming crashed into the blue galaxies’ barrier, he had rammed against it about three times before it broke. Yet right then, with just one try, he had already almost made the barrier shatter. He lifted his right hand to strike it fiercely, and immediately, the two hundred thousand purple galaxies gathered on his right hand. When the strike landed, booming sounds rose to shake the sky and earth.

That invisible barrier… was torn to shreds. With loud booming sounds, it was completely disassembled, and a red screen of light spilled out from within. Along with the light came the roars from the crimson Ecang.

“It’s crimson.”

Su Ming moved. With the vast purple galaxies behind him, he rushed into the crimson galaxies. The purple hue instantly spread out and filled the area while Su Ming fixed his gaze on the crimson stellar river in the galaxy. His body turned into a long arc which looked as if it was going to tear through the crimson galaxies while he charged forward.

“Thou art desireth to fuse with me? ‘Tis shalt be impossible for thee!” An enraged roar came from the stellar river, and the galaxy immediately started rotating. Booming sounds echoed in space, and as the galaxy spun, a gigantic vortex manifested to form a gigantic gust of wind.

It brought with it a destructive will. When it swept through the area, Su Ming could see that there was a big red tree in the vortex. That tree was huge, and its crown was crimson. The Ecang was filled with a destructive will and madness… but it did not dare step out of the vortex. Instead, it hid itself within it. The two eyes resembling annual rings revealed on the tree trunk were glaring at the approaching Su Ming.

The rotating vortex and the crimson Ecang within it were reflected as inverted images in Su Ming’s purple eyes. He did not speak, but lifted his right hand and spread his fingers wide in the direction of the galaxy above him. When he slowly clenched his fist, the purple galaxies he’d brought with him instantly covered the crimson galaxy. Anyone who looked at it would be able to see that besides the center, all the other areas around it were purple.

Almost the instant Su Ming lifted his right hand and clenched it into a fist, the purple that filled the area came to a stop momentarily, as if it had been frozen. Su Ming slowly swung his right arm to form a full circle, and the frozen purple shade immediately began spinning with his arm.

Su Ming then swung his arm to form another circle, the speed of rotations increasing by nearly a hundred times from before. Booming sounds shook the sky and earth, shaking the whole area. If anyone took a closer look, they would be able to see clearly that the direction of the rotations of the purple galaxies were the exact opposite of the rotations of the vortex in the stellar river!

“You can choose not to come out,” Su Ming said in a ghastly manner.

The crimson Ecang in the vortex looked over with fear. Clearly, it had seen through Su Ming’s goal, and it swiftly roared. “My fellow kinsmen, if you don’t think of a way to save me, then this… will be the day when Ecang disappears!”

At the instant the crimson Ecang roared, Su Ming lifted his right hand and swung it to form the third circle. The booming sounds instantly became even stronger. The speed of the rotations from the purple galaxy in the area did not just increase by a hundred times at that time, but by a thousand times!

In the mid of those bangs, Su Ming pointed towards the vortex in the stellar river. Immediately, the purple galaxies shrank swiftly, and while rotating in the opposite direction, they crashed against the vortex in the stellar river.

BOOM!

It felt as if the galaxy was trembling. The loud bang drowned out the crimson Ecang’s roars. At the instant the two vortices spinning in two different directions crashed against each other, the vortex in the stellar river looked like something without a foundation. It was unable to fight against the vortex formed by the two hundred thousand galaxies and collapsed with a loud bang. The crimson Ecang looked at Su Ming with despair. With their differences in status as life forms and the devouring of the blue Ecang, it understood that it was facing a destiny against which it could not fight.

While it was in despair, Su Ming charged towards the crimson Ecang with the rotations from the purple galaxies. They spread out to cover him and his target. After a moment, when the originally crimson galaxy was turned completely purple, Su Ming walked out with an even more eye-catching demeanor.

His long hair reached his waist. As it fluttered, he walked through the purple light. His lean body, the countless swaying branches that filled the area around him, and the even brighter shade of purple in his eyes created a savage and primitive presence. It spread out from his with a violent energy even though he had his head lowered.

That presence… came from Ecang.
