# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1038

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The crimson Ecang was devoured, and leading to it was the ten thousand crimson stone monuments in the land with the one hundred thousand stone monuments changing color, causing the ten thousand cultivators previously belonging to them to let out shrill screams of pain before the runic symbols at the center of their brows turned purple.

Because of it, there were already thirty thousand stone monuments out of the one hundred thousand in the land which had turned purple and belonged to Su Ming.

Panic and alarm descended on the group of people in the land with the one hundred thousand stone monuments. The commotion grew louder, their fear continued. They might have stopped screaming in pain, but their voices were still echoing in the minds of the people in there, causing an unprecedented drastic change to appear in Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands.

In fact…

Since this drastic change affecting all the blue and crimson stone monuments, it naturally affected the owners of the blue and crimson stone monuments which had reached one million feet or were even taller. They might no longer be in Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands, but even if they were in the world outside, they still could not escape from the change in their souls.

On Western Ring Nebula was a dull planet. There was a middle-aged man sitting beside a lake with a branch in his hand. On that branch was a brilliant green bud from a weeping willow. It was drooping in the water. There was an indifferent expression on his face, as if he was fishing.

There were two beautiful women beside him. They were kneeling beside him and were gently hitting his shoulders. The sky was murky. The land was filled with fog, but only he remained as a clear sight, just like his expression. It was as if nothing could bother him, and his expression was as clear and cool as water.

However, at that moment, his expression suddenly changed. As his expression changed, a violent power erupted swiftly from his body. The two women behind him immediately cried out in surprise before they tumbled backwards. The weeping willow in his hand instantly shattered and was reduced to powder. The lake on the ground also evaporated in that loud bang, causing the place where he was located at that moment to be filled with a violent power for a moment.

A shrill scream of pain travelled out of his mouth. His body trembled. The two servant girls far behind him had blood trickle out of his mouths. In their panic, they saw the person known as their Progenitor on the planet, the person no one dared to provoke at all to have fear that was never seen before appear on his face. That shrill scream was especially something they had never heard before.

In the midst of that pained scream, a runic symbol appeared at the center of the man’s brows. That mark was crimson red, but it was swiftly turning purple. A moment later, when it completely turned purple, the man coughed up a large mouthful of blood. Shock appeared on him, and he lifted his head swiftly to stare at the galaxy with respect shining in his eyes.

‘What happened…? Why do I have a feeling that… my stone monument in the Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands… has changed masters?!’ His body trembled. As the man’s expression changed continuously, he stood up swiftly to charge towards the sky. He wanted to return to Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands to check what had happened. The scene just now caused his heart to feel fear. If he did not understand what was going on, he would feel uneasy. After all… his stone monument was in Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands.

The same scene appeared at the same time in plenty of areas in Western Ring Nebula. In fact, the same sight appeared on a few people among the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds stationed to keep an eye over the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. However, once they finished screaming shrilly, all the people would have fear and alarm appear on their faces while their hearts were filled with anxiety.

In Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands, Su Ming, who had devoured the blue and crimson Ecangs, walked out of the three hundred thousand purple galaxies. At the same time, he closed his eyes slightly and lifted his arms to simultaneously punch his sides swiftly.

That was two punches. At the instant he threw them out, the three hundred thousand purple galaxies tumbled about and surged to the sky. As loud booming sounds reverberated in space, two gigantic purple vortices appeared swiftly beside Su Ming to charge towards the distance while rumbling.

This time, Su Ming was not going to devour just one portion of Ecang’s soul, he was going to devour two of them!

Booming sounds shook the sky and earth. It lasted for only a few breaths. At the instant two loud sounds of something trembling surged into the heavens, the barriers by Su Ming’s two sides crumbled. Orange and green lights spread out from the shattered barriers.

“Today is the day Ecang descends in the universe. Why… do all of you resist. With my will, I will rebuild Ecang. My glory is also your glory!” Su Ming’s voice echoed in space, and during that moment, he moved to charge towards the orange galaxies.

“Stop him! If we don’t stop him, then all of us will be destroyed by him! If I’m devoured, he will become stronger, and it’ll definitely be impossible for all of you escape from being killed!!” With a voice filled with panic that had never appeared in it, the orange Ecang in the orange galaxies cried out, and its voice echoed swiftly in space.

“How do we stop him?”

“He has already devoured blue and crimson. He is also a complete life form. His current might is something we absolutely cannot hope to stand against. How… do we stop him?”

“Green, the barrier leading to your galaxies has already been opened. Attack! Fight together with orange. If you don’t attack, you won’t be able to escape from the fate of fusing into him!”

“That’s right, green. Take action first and resist him. Our barriers have yet to open. Even if our wills descend in the place, it’ll be useless. Since purple is so conceited that he dared break two barriers at once… you have to work together with orange and make him fuse into you!!”

The divine thoughts of the remaining portions of Ecang’s soul echoed in space. A hysterical roar travelled out from the green galaxies, and a violent impact rushed into the green galaxies to turn into a gigantic green Ecang tree. A rampaging life force spread out swiftly from its body, and the green Ecang turned into a long arc to charge forward towards the orange galaxy where Su Ming was.

However, at the instant it approached the orange galaxy, the orange Ecang’s despair-filled roars echoed swiftly in the galaxy.

“It’s not that I am against you devouring me and wiping off my existence, but you intend to devour me, not have me fuse into you. This… is something where I’d rather destroy my own will and break the promise so that my body, which will no longer possess any form of consciousness, to return to the universe’s embrace!!”

There was a crazed will in that voice. At the instant it echoed in the air, a loud bang that shook all one million galaxies immediately travelled into space. As that sound rose up, the orange galaxies immediately shattered to pieces and completely collapsed.

At the same time, as the orange Ecang chose to wipe out his consciousness and return to the place of its origins, the ten thousand orange stone monuments it possessed in the land of the one hundred thousand stone monuments immediately had a large number of cracks appear on them before they simultaneously turned into ashes. Even the ten thousand cultivators in possession of those stone monuments shuddered simultaneously, and without any pained screams, their bodies were completely torn, and their bodies as well as their souls were destroyed and scattered into nothingness.

At the same time the orange Ecang was willing to return to its place of origin and as it disintegrated, seven seeds shining in orange light spread out swiftly to rush towards the green Ecang. They instantly rushed into its body, causing a jolt to run through the green Ecang’s body, and during that same moment, it let out a long howl.

As it howled, the aura from the green Ecang swiftly increased exponentially, and it was several times stronger than before. At the same time, five howls echoed in space from the one million galaxies. The other five-colored Ecangs had also absorbed the origin of power from the purple Ecang’s body after it wiped out its consciousness. After it fused into them, all of them instantly became stronger.

There were six orange seeds. Su Ming also absorbed one of them, but it was just a fragment of it, and it was a far cry from when he previously devoured the complete portions of Ecang souls. With one move, he charged towards green Ecang, who had frozen in space while the orange galaxy crumbled.

There was madness within the green Ecang’s eyes, which looked like annual rings. Once he fused with the rampaging life force spreading out from its entire body, it shut its eyes swiftly.

“The person who eventually has the rest of us fuse into you and forms the complete Ecang, remember this… kill this person as an offering to me for willingly becoming a source of power!” The green Ecang knew that even if it had absorbed one of the seeds that was the source of power formed by the orange Ecang, it still would not be able to escape from Su Ming. Since the orange Ecang could wipe off its consciousness and return to its place of origin, then… it could also do the same.

As it closed its eyes, a bang came out from its body, and a power that caused the heavens to roar immediately travelled into space. As its body crumbled and it exploded into pieces, it turned into six green seeds that shot swiftly into the space around the area. Even Su Ming could not manage to stop the six green seeds from disappearing with his speed. One of them charged to his body and fused instantly into him, and during that moment, five roars immediately shot into space.

Even more powerful ripples of power were contained in those roars. The remaining give portions of Ecang souls became much stronger than before. However, individually, they were still not Su Ming’s opponent. However… if four more of the five portions of Ecang souls were willing to turn into the origin of power, then the final Ecang who would appear… would be the Ecang who could shake the universe and existed in the Old Man Extermination’s ballad!

It had been set up by Sui Chen Zi in the past and was forced to split up to heal themselves and wait till their injuries were recovered before they could fuse together to be born again. Yet now, if they fused together in this manner, while it might still become the Ecang in the past, it would not be as strong as it were in the past. However… even if it was no longer as strong as it was, it would still pose as a threat to Su Ming once it possessed its memories.

Su Ming had thought about this previously, which was why he had been so efficient and firm in his actions when he devoured the previous two… but such a change had still occurred.

But since he had already predicted that this would happen and Su Ming still had the galls to devour the portions of Ecang souls, then he would naturally have other methods to handle this. At that moment, the connection between him and the remaining five portions of Ecang souls was very intriguing. The Ecang he chose would turn into an origin of power, and the last one who was not chosen would become the dominant will to make the real Ecang awaken.

Because of it, the portions of Ecang souls he chose would mean that they would have lost the right to become the real Ecang. For the remaining five portions of Ecang souls, this was the most important thing to them, and it was even more important than their lives.

Su Ming’s lips slowly curled up into a strange and enchanting smile.

“It’s not that I, Su, must devour all of you today. I only want to devour three complete portions of Ecang souls. Now… I am lacking one more.

“If I just devour one more, I will stop. I wonder which of the five of you will be willing to fulfill my wish.” Right when Su Ming finished speaking, the five portions of Ecang souls immediately had their hearts tremble furiously. The threat from Su Ming was incredibly great to them, but they did not want to wipe out their own consciousness either… but who among the five of them would be willing to be devoured?
