# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1040

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

At the instant there was a pause, Su Ming took a swift step forward. The four hundred thousand purple galaxies behind him rotated with a bang and turned into a boundless mouth. As Su Ming closed in, he sucked in a deep breath in the direction of the old man in gray.

The gray Ecang’s eyes shone with a deadly still light as he glared at Su Ming. At the instant the boundless mouth came to devour him, he roared towards the heavens.

“Indigo, yellow, what are you waiting for?!”

As he roared, the eyes of the indigo Ecang in the indigo galaxy immediately sparkled. It moved and charged towards the invisible barrier where the yellow Ecang was before ramming into it.

A hint of conflict appeared in the yellow Ecang’s eyes, but it soon turned into resolve. It charged forward as well and rammed against the invisible barrier separating it from the indigo Ecang.

Booming sounds surged into the heavens. The barrier collapsed, and the indigo and yellow Ecangs were able to see each other, and the greed in mirrored in the other’s eyes. Without exchanging a single word, they crashed into each other. This was a fusion that did not require any form of divine ability, but it was difficult to determine just who would become the dominant soul, since the both of them were very similar to each other in terms of power.

“Is this your plan?”

Su Ming laughed coldly. The gaping mouth formed by the four hundred thousand galaxies behind him closed in with a roar. The deadly still look in the old man in gray’s eyes became stronger. He raised his arms and grabbed his right wrist with his left hand. Once he straightened his right hand to perform the knife-hand strike, he lifted it, and his eyes brightened before darkening once again. A destructive power that caused Su Ming’s heart to tremble erupted from the old man in gray.

“Purple, you don’t have this skill in the memories your obtained… Ecang Slices the Heavens!”

The old man in gray shouted fiercely, then brought his right hand down in a slicing motion in Su Ming’s direction!

A gray flash of light appeared in front of the old man in gray, tearing through the galaxy. Su Ming’s pupils shrank. The torn galaxy reminded him of what he’d seen at the edge of the fifth ocean, when Zhu You Cai cut through heaven and earth with a swing of his Life Inequity Spear and managed to create… a crack in space that devoured thousands of cultivators and several Almighties.

The gray crack gave Su Ming a familiar feeling, and the same sense of danger rose in his heart. He saw the old man who was the gray Ecang shattering after he executed that slash to turn into a large amount of origin of power that spread through the area.

The slash it executed was clearly one that required it to wipe off its consciousness as a price!

The origin of power spreading out from the gray Ecang tumbled backwards and charged into the galaxy where the yellow and indigo Ecangs were fusing together. Judging by the looks of it, it wanted to fuse with them and be absorbed by the remaining two Ecangs to speed up their fusion and help facilitate the speed in awakening the real Ecang from the ballad.

The origin of power from the gray Ecang was not going to fuse with them alone. Instead, it swept up the origin of power formed after the black Ecang broke down as well. If Su Ming dodged the incoming gray crack, then he would lose the initiative, allowing that origin of power to fuse with the yellow and indigo galaxies. Not only would it speed up the manifestation of Ecang’s real self, it would also allowed the awakened Ecang to be much stronger.

The only way for Su Ming to stop it and grow strong was to face that incoming slash head-on. Only then would he have enough time to devour the black and gray Ecangs’ origin of power so that the yellow and indigo Ecangs would be unable to face him even after they had fused together and awakened.

A fierce light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. His hair transformed into gray, turning him into the gray Su Ming who symbolized absolute rationality and composure. At that moment, even if the galaxy crumbled before him, his emotions would not change even a single bit. During that instant, the Malicious Eye he had obtained also rose at the center of his brows and opened. An enchanting light shone from within it.

The third eye could allow Su Ming to magnify everything by numerous times, allowing him find weaknesses. With the absolute rationality, it was enough for Su Ming to erupt with power that surpassed what he usually possessed.

At the same time, the four hundred thousand galaxies roared behind him. The gaping mouth formed in space became even more ferocious. Its presence was like a tidal wave, and behind it, a gigantic gray moon that belonged to those in Lunar Kalpa Realm manifested.

The galaxy trembled upon its arrival As clouds surged in all directions, booming sounds tumbled about and reverberated in space.

Su Ming seized the space beside him with his right hand, and the purple-black ring on his thumb immediately turned into the Life Inequity Spear. Once Su Ming seized it, he closed his eyes. Only the third eye at the center of his brows remained open, staring at the incoming dimensional crack formed by Ecang’s slash. In his head, the attack Zhu You Cai had executed beyond the fifth ocean to sweep through the galaxy repeated itself!

What joy was there in living?

Su Ming replayed that attack in his mind a thousand times. His third eye had also used an Art to notice minute details to ceaselessly magnify Ecang’s slash, which allowed him to see every single subtle change within it as well as the presence spreading out from it.

Ecang’s slash came charging forward with a howl. When it was less than a hundred feet away from Su Ming, it became so quick that it closed in on him in an instant. However, when Su Ming looked towards it with his third eye, the flow of time around him seemed to have become much slower. Zhu You Cai’s attack which had sliced apart the heavens had been replayed nearly ten thousand times in his mind by then.

“There is a will in the universe. It is the domineering will of the Almighties in Life Realm. That is… what belongs to a person when he has almost reached Death Realm and has understood life and death in his life. That is why he said those words…

“What joy is there in livin?

“What joy is there in living?” Su Ming mumbled.

The crack formed by Ecang’s slash brought with it a desire to destroy everything as it closed in on Su Ming. At that moment, it was less than ten feet away from him, and Su Ming’s robes fluttered madly. The gaping mouth formed by the purple galaxies behind him started showing signs of disintegrating. The moon formed when he reached Lunar Kalpa Realm also started trembling.

“What joy is there in living? If someday, all my friends leave me, my mother will never be able to wake up again, Su Xuan Yi disappears, and my elder, Tian Xie Zi, my senior brothers, and all the people I know… disappear into the passage of time and I am the only left in the universe…

“Then… what joy… is there in living?” A lonely air spread out from Su Ming’s body. He opened his eyes, and there was loneliness as well as an absent-minded look in his eyes. At the instant Ecang’s slash was about to touch him, he gripped the Life Inequity Spear, brought it up before him, and swung it gently.

While his appearance and the feeling he gave to others might not be the exact same as that of Zhu You Cai, it was quite similar. With that one slash, the moon behind Su Ming broke down and turned into countless shards that charged towards the long spear in his hand before fusing into it. Su Ming’s Life Inequity Spear then swept forward with a power that seemed to be able to slice apart the galaxy… and a crack was torn open!

At the same time, as if the Life Inequity Spear in Su Ming’s hand had turned into a black hole, the gaping mouth formed by the four hundred thousand purple galaxies behind Su Ming was absorbed by the tip of the spear as if they were fog, and the power to slice apart the galaxy instantly increased exponentially.

Su Ming’s body trembled, and it was because he could sense that quite a large amount of his cultivation base, his life force, and all the essence in his body had been absorbed by the Life Inequity Spear to slice apart a dazzling crack in the galaxy. It was around five feet long.

At the instant that crack appeared, a destructive power spilled out from within to charge towards Ecang’s incoming slash.

Violent booming sounds shook Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands. The Life Inequity Spear in Su Ming’s hand bounced back. He coughed up a large mouthful of blood and staggered a few steps back. When he raised his head, an aloof look appeared in his eyes.

That strike could be said to be his strongest attack. It was what he executed after he imitated Zhu You Cai’s attack. He might not have done it perfectly, only managing to imitate three-tenths of it, but that amount alone was enough for it to severely wound all… Almighties in Fate Realm. It could also fight against the Ecang’s slash executed by the gray Ecang with its consciousness as the price. It had not been complete though, only possessing one-tenth of the power of the real Ecang.

As loud bangs reverberated in space, Su Ming forced his body to stop. A feeling of weakness filled him, but resolve appeared on his face. He forced himself to rush forward, then opened his mouth wide to suck in a sharp breath in the direction of the origins of power from Ecang who intended to fuse with the yellow and indigo galaxies.

With it, the vast amount of origins of power from the gray and black Ecangs tumbled backwards and seeped into him through all parts of his body. As they provided nourishment to him, he threw his head back and roared. Cracking sounds came from within him, and his long hair grew until it reached his feet. His appearance grew even more strange and enchanting, and the purple glare in his eyes became more aggressive than ever!

At the instant Su Ming prevented the origins of power from the gray and black Ecangs fusing with the yellow and indigo galaxies and his roar reverberated in space, a ruthless, brutal presence filled with endless savage air erupted from the yellow and indigo galaxies. A will that looked down on the whole universe and which seemed as if it had just been awakened filled the yellow and indigo galaxies.

Su Ming’s eyes shone. When he raised his right hand, the Life Inequity Spear returned to his palm, and he held it again to stare at the tumbling yellow and indigo galaxies.

“You… want to devour me?” A muffled voice tinted with an ancient and archaic presence came from all directions.

The instant that voice spoke, a destructive power spread out from the yellow and indigo galaxies with a bang, before Su Ming could do anything. As that loud bang surged into the heavens, Su Ming’s expression changed. It was not the level of cultivation or the strength of the awakened Ecang which caused his expression to change… but the determination and the conniving nature in that creature from the ballad!!

At the instant it self-destructed, Su Ming sensed the twenty thousand stone monuments from the yellow and indigo stone monuments in the land of the one hundred thousand stone monuments explode at the same time. Ecang’s presence turned into twenty thousand parts and swiftly crawled into the bodies of the twenty thousand cultivators affiliated to it, causing those cultivators to instantly swell up. As they roared, the whole Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands began trembling furiously. Then, as if an exit had been forcefully opened, a vast suction force swept up the twenty thousand cultivators with Ecang’s presence and instantly… relocated them outside Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands to appear in different corners of Western Ring Nebula!

“There are twenty thousand of us! As long one of us escapes, there will come a day when I… Ecang, will rise to power again!” Twenty thousand voices like thunder roared and reverberated in Western Ring Nebula.

This was the same as when Ecang had separated itself into ten to heal after its battle against Sui Chen Zi. However, it was injured even worse after Su Ming’s actions, up to the point that it did not dare to stand but instead chose to split itself… into twenty thousand parts!

Su Ming’s expression was dark as he stared at the empty galaxy in the foreign lands. That action had exceeded his expectations; it was something he had not predicted beforehand.

Yet no matter what, he had already become the master of Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands.
