# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1041

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

As Su Ming stared at the empty galaxy in the foreign lands, his face turned a little pale. Once he coughed up a mouthful of blood, it returned to normal. There was a vast amount of life force rising in his body to surround him and turn into a presence that surged into the heavens. It stirred up Su Ming’s cultivation base and caused it to continuously rise.

Behind him, the gray, red, and golden moons appeared at the same time. They flashed continuously, and Su Ming’s long hair, which had reached his feet, flew up to form a circle behind him. It filled him with an incredibly strange and enchanting air.

His pupils were purple. There were purple galaxies all around him, and standing there, he was… the master of the land!

“With the thought processes of my gray self’s personality, I won’t be able to imitate the epitome of affection… which is contained in the Art that questions whether there is joy in living. When I forcefully copied it… I could only obtain its form and not its meaning, and I even injured my own body,” Su Ming murmured.

Fortunately, he had devoured most of the Ecang’s soul. Because of it, he could recover from his injuries after he coughed up a mouthful of blood, or else, his injuries would have definitely been worse.

‘The yellow and indigo Ecangs might have split into twenty thousand and fled… but I have become complete a long time ago. The devouring of the other Ecangs was only to make myself stronger. If I had devoured all of thm, I would have become even stronger, but it’s not gonna be much of a problem.’ Purple light shone in Su Ming’s eyes, then he slowly closed them.

After a moment, when he opened them again, Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands rumbled so loudly that the sound surged into the heavens. Eight hundred thousand galaxies all turned purple, and a thick purple hue dyed the foreign lands.

‘I am already complete, so… I will not have two hundred thousand galaxies lacking in this place because of the yellow and indigo Ecangs departure.’

Su Ming raised his right hand and swung it towards the galaxy before him. With it, the galaxies in Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands shuddered and started dividing. As they split up, loud rumbles reverberated in space, and the missing two hundred thousand galaxies took shape.

Because of it… there were still one million galaxies in the place. However, they were no longer of ten colors, like before. Instead, there was only one color—purple!

The purple had become the master of the area!

The purple had become the paragon in that place!

Su Ming lifted his head and stared at the galaxy. His gaze seemed to be able to penetrate Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands and see the universe beyond.

‘The twenty thousand fragments born from the yellow and indigo Ecangs… I look forward to the day when you will rise in power and be able overturn the heavens, then devour one another until all you will mold yourself to perfection…

‘I look forward to that day greatly.’ Su Ming smiled faintly.

Within Western Ring Nebula were twenty thousand faint long arcs charging forward before disappeared in the galaxy. Faint booms reverberated in space at that moment. It was the self-destruction of twenty thousand cultivators. That was where the real Ecang’s ruthlessness lay. To prevent Su Ming from chasing it down, it gave up on the twenty thousand cultivators as nourishment and chose others to serve its purposes.

At the instant the bodies of the twenty thousand cultivators collapsed, nearly twenty thousand male and female cultivators shuddered. It did not matter what they were doing, be it fighting or meditating, all of them trembled at once. It was as if an invisible force had rushed into their minds, taken root, and hidden itself to start growing in peace.

On one planet, the cries of an infant echoed in the air. In a corner, a woman lay on the ground. Blood pooled all over the ground beneath her as she stared upwards with her eyes wide open, but she was no longer breathing.

The infant climbed out of his mother’s body by himself. When his cries rang out, his body suddenly shuddered. He quietened, and a yellow glow shone in his eyes. That glow lasted for only a moment before disappearing, and his eyes returned to their usual hue.

At the same time, there was a True Guard in Western Ring Nebula, the area which belonged to True Sacred Yin World among the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping watch over the place. He was originally patrolling, but a jolt suddenly wrecked his body. He lowered his head, and when he raised it again, an indigo light flashed through his eyes before it disappeared the next moment.

Su Ming stepped in space within Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands and disappeared from the purple galaxies. When he reappeared, he was already in the land with the one hundred thousand stone monuments. However, by then there were only eighty thousand of them.

The land was dead silent. All the cultivators were pale. They stared at the empty spots where the twenty thousand stone monuments had been with fear in their eyes.

They had also noticed a long time ago that all the stone monuments had turned purple.

When Su Ming walked out of thin air, a powerful, mighty pressure descended on all the people’s hearts. Su Ming had not even needed to release that mighty pressure; it had appeared naturally. Due to it, the cultivators below felt that they had to worship Su Ming, that if they showed even the slightest amount of disrespect to him, their bodies and souls would be immediately destroyed.

“Greetings, my liege!”

As everyone trembled, no one knew who was the first to say those words, but after that first person, the people in the area bowed down and worshiped Su Ming, who had walked out of the air.

“Greetings, my liege!”

Their voices were as loud as thunder which reverberated in all directions, Su Ming swept his gaze across the land before fixing his eyes on the empty spots where the yellow and indigo Ecang stone monuments had been. As a glint shone in his eyes, the empty spots suddenly started squirming. Stone monuments shot up from the ground, and in an instant, the empty spots filled up. The number of stone monuments in the land returned to one hundred thousand once more.

One hundred thousand purple stone monuments, one million purple galaxies—that was Su Ming’s universe!

Tens of thousands of people knelt on the ground and worshiped him. Their shivers, their respect and fear, and all the other emotions could all be seen easily.

Su Ming stood in midair and stared at the cultivators calmly. He did not speak, and the sound of worship that lingered in the air for a long time echoed in his ears. The more time he spent being silent, the more suffocating and oppressive air covered the land. It was heavy and pressed on everyone’s hearts, causing them to have difficulty breathing. Gradually, sweat broke out on their foreheads. The feeling as if life and death might be only a moment away, something they could not control became a powerful Brand that was left deep in their souls at that moment. Their respect towards Su Ming reached an unprecedented height, though no one could see it.

After a long while, Su Ming said faintly, “I am the master of this land.”

When he said those words, the tens of thousands of people beneath him worshiped him together again. Their voices echoed in the air, and Su Ming spoke again with cold indifference,

“Do all of you… wish to go out?”

His words fell into everyone’s ears, but no one dared to speak. All of them remained silent.

“I will give you some time. Perhaps it will be a few decades or a few centuries, but when I return… I will take all those who have reached the later stage of World Plane out of this place. They will be by my side and we will fight against the heavens, and I will… also bring them out of the Barren Lands of Divine Essence to wage war against the four Great True Worlds.

“Then… I will grant you your freedom and the glory you deserve!”

The impact from the words ‘out of the Barren Lands of Divine Essence’ and ‘freedom’ instantly shook the cultivators’ hearts. They lifted their heads at the same time, and when they looked at Su Ming, there was an unrestrained desire shining in their eyes.

“Your ancestors were all in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. Entering my universe was your fortune. Train towards the later stage of World Plane Realm, because I… am the only one who can bring all of you out of the Barren Lands of Divine Essence in the most forthright manner!

“When I return, it will be the day where I will bring you out!”

Su Ming cast a glance at Zhou Kang and found that he had an apathetic look on his face. His expression as if his heart was already dead made Su Ming sigh in his heart. When he turned around, he took a step into the air and his body vanished. At the same time, a piercing purple light erupted from the one hundred thousand purple stone monuments in the place.

Beyond Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands, purple light seeped out of the countless cracks and illuminated the area, dying Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands in purple. At that moment, Su Ming calmly walked out from the crack.

His long hair returned to its normal color, changing from the previous gray. Su Ming might still be unable to completely control the changes in his emotions, but with the passing time he learned how to use his surroundings and the enemies he was facing to indirectly change his thoughts and emotions, thereby allowing his different personalities to show up.

At the instant he walked out of the crack leading to Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands, Zhu You Cai—who had been meditating with his eyes closed and did not pay any attention to the twenty thousand yellow and indigo long arcs that had rushed out—suddenly opened his eyes. When he looked at Su Ming, his pupils constricted, and the light of surprise showed up in his eyes.

“You became stronger,” he said calmly. The strange light in his eyes became stronger, and he stood up slowly. Fighting spirit rose in his eyes. At that moment, he was clearly no longer Zhu You Cai, but the War Immortal Chang He.

“You have the presence of my divine ability on you… You should have copied that skill when you were in Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands… and while your presence might seem similar to mine, it contains a hidden primitive presence. It… is madness, ruthlessness, and seeks to destroy the universe!” The fighting spirit in Zhu You Cai’s eyes gradually disappeared. When his eyes returned to normal, he cast a profound glance at Su Ming again, but did not speak anymore.

He was not the only one who noticed something different about Su Ming. Beside him, Flame Fiends’ Progenitor’s heart filled with fear. He had always regarded Su Ming with great respect before, but when he saw other then, his body started trembling. The mighty pressure coming from the young man actually caused him, an Almighty in Mastery Realm, to feel terror and fear.

It was as if there was a monstrous malice hidden in Su Ming’s body. That malicious power wanted to destroy the universe, and it was spreading out a boundless pressure on all forms of life. Flame Fiends’ Progenitor couldn’t help but shudder at it, and when he looked at Su Ming, there was great wariness contained in his gaze.

If it was any other cultivator, perhaps they would not feel it so greatly. However, Flame Fiends’ Progenitor was not any other cultivator. He was a member of an alien race, which was why his spiritual sense was much stronger than that of a cultivator who was at the same level as he. Because of that, he could see things that were hidden deeper.

‘I could still fight against him in the past, but now… if he attacked with his full strength, I wonder how long I would be able to last…’ Flame Fiends’ Progenitor instinctively bent his back and put on a fawning expression towards Su Ming.

When the bald crane saw Su Ming, it sensed the least. It strutted over to Su Ming’s side, and when it turned around, it had its head held high while casting a sideways glance at Flame Fiends Progenitor.

“I only obtained a small serendipity in Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands,” Su Ming replied faintly. Once he swept his gaze past Zhu You Cai, he fixed his gaze on a distant galaxy. Over there… the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds were stationed.

A brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes.

“Baldy, do you want to retrieve your physical body?”
