# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1043

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“We will definitely not bother you in the least. Please release the seal on us, and I will personally lead you to the person who has offended you!” The old man wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed deeply.

He did not underestimate Su Ming because he seemed young. In this universe where the strong ruled, the Dao Kong before him no longer had to show any hint of his power. The feat of having an Almighty in Mastery Realm as his follower was already something very shocking… much less when that Almighty was in Life Realm!

Besides, through that slap just then, his personal strength was enough to make the old man apprehensive. At that moment, the middle-aged man and woman beside him also made plenty of connections in their minds. With complicated expressions on their faces, they became sombre.

If the person in front of them was not Dao Kong or a direct descendant of Morning Dao Sect, then even if he had come from the four Great True Worlds, the three of them would not be so wary of him. After all, even if Su Ming and the rest were strong, they had stronger people in the four Great True Worlds.

However… he was Dao Kong. He was a direct descendant from True Morning Dao World’s Morning Dao Sect. This status alone cut off most of the tactics the old man and the other two could use against him.

Su Ming turned his head around and cast the old man a look before nodding. Zhu You Cai looked as calm as ever. He lifted his right hand and swung his arm forward. Immediately, the restraining seals immediately disappeared without a trace, allowing the three to regain their mobility. The old man bowed again towards Su Ming. This time, the man and woman beside him also wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed to him. Their expressions were vastly different from the faint arrogant and conceited looks moments ago.

“I want to look for Huo Zhu,” Su Ming said flatly.

Once those words left his mouth, the old man’s gaze focused back on him. He turned his head back to look at the middle-aged woman beside him. He was not the only one, the middle-aged man cast a sideways glance at her too.

At the instant the middle-aged woman heard Su Ming’s words, she immediately became confused. When she saw her companions looking towards her, her expression changed slightly before she sighed.

“Might I know how my junior sister has offended you?”

“She took something she should not have,” Su Ming replied calmly.

“Oh? This is easy. I will have her deliver what you need to you. Might I know what it is?” the middle-aged woman immediately asked.

“Once I see Huo Zhu, she will naturally know what is the specific thing I want.” Su Ming’s eyes gradually turned icy cold.

The middle-aged woman fell silent. Once she nodded, she turned into a long arc that charged into the distance. Su Ming’s expression remained the same. He took a step forward and followed behind her. With an extremely quick speed, the group rushed into the True Sacred Yin World’s base within an instant. As they charged forward, Su Ming saw the spiral-shaped Radix Planets and others around him, and the scenes from the past rose in his head.

This was the second time he come there. There was a relaxed air around him compared to the first time. His power was also vastly different from before. Besides, this time, he had in his hands complete dominance over the situation.

Soon, Su Ming saw the farthest he’d went back then, which was the planet where Wu Li Zi was located. They moved past it, and as the middle-aged woman continued guiding them forward, gradually, a vast vortex appeared in front of Su Ming.

That vortex spun with loud, rumbling sounds, looking incomparably radiant. If anyone observed it carefully, they would be able to tell that the vast vortex was formed by planets.

“Huo Zhu, what exactly did you take that you should not have?! Open the Rune and let us in!” At the instant they closed in on the vast vortex, the middle-aged man spoke up. Her voice reverberated in all directions and entered the vast vortex like a buzz.

The old man’s expression changed. He turned his head around to glare at the middle-aged woman. The middle-aged man also could not resist the change in his expression.

That kind of straightforward manner of speech was clearly telling Huo Zhu that someone had come seeking for her and was also an indication that she should prepare herself.

That scene caused the old man’s expression to change continuously, until he finally opened his mouth and growled at the vortex formed by the planets.

“Huo Zhu, open the Rune. This matter is incredibly important. I want you… to immediately open the Rune!”

The old man’s voice reverberated in space and traveled into the vortex, but he did not receive any sort of reply.

Within the vortex was a planet where the land was a desert. Numerous cultivators had prostrated themselves on the ground and crawled forward with great difficulty. Their goal was a palace located in the distance.

At that moment, it was quiet in the palace. There was a table in it, and on it was a lit candle. The fire swayed, and the faces of all lives flashed through it. As that light swayed and the faces in it changed, half of an ancient book under the candle unfurled.

Within the fire and among the faces of all manners of lives was a woman’s face. There was an aloof look in her eyes. She lifted her head to look at the area above her before closing her eyes and ignoring the voices.

Beyond the planets and beyond the vortex, the old man’s expression grew dark. He was just about to turn his head to offer an explanation when Su Ming smiled. It was cold and dark, and contained a heinous killing intent that was about to erupt from him. The thought of destroying the entire camp where the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World were stationed was not a difficult matter for him. He could do it with just one thought.

“Huo Kui, blast apart that vortex, and search through all the planets until we find that person called Huo Zhu.”

When Flame Fiends’ Progenitor heard this, a glint shone in his eyes. A loud bang shot up from his body, and immediately, a purple sea of fire erupted within him and tumbled forward in all directions. He then took a step towards the vortex formed by planets, stretched out his arms, and swung them forward. Immediately, the sea of fire around him tumbled about and charged towards the vortex.

Booming sounds surged into the sky and shook the entire galaxy, deafening all the cultivators in True Sacred Yin World’s camp. In shock, they flew out from where they had been, and in the blink of an eye, tens of thousands of long arcs rushed out into the galaxy to charge towards this vortex.

The old man was anxious, but a cold sneer appeared on the middle-aged woman’s lips. She would not have cared if Dao Kong wanted to cause trouble to others, but Huo Zhu was her junior sister. There was no way she could let him succeed. What she needed was for Su Ming to act in a forceful manner. There were plenty of cultivators in the planets within the vortex. All of them had extraordinary power, but more importantly, there lived the old fellows who were acting as garrison.

With them around, the boy from Morning Dao Sect would certainly not be allowed to cause trouble.

The vortex was formed by countless planets, and each one had an individual Rune. If it was not released from within, then no outsider could step into the planet. An outsider would need to blast away the Rune to be able to enter.

This was to give absolute protection to all those who had earned the right to stay there.

After all, there were four of the vortices of planets within the camps belonging to the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds… and each of them were where all the key forces of each True World were located.

A purple sea of fire attacked the whole vortex. The instant it touched it, booming sounds shook the galaxy. The faces of the tens of thousands of cultivators who had come turned pale, and all of them retreated.

The old Almighty had a look full of anguish while he sighed, but he was laughing coldly in his heart. He did not warn the middle-aged woman regarding Zhu You Cai. Since she insisted on provoking someone she should not even after he’d tried to stop her several times, her survival no longer had anything to do with him.

As for the middle-aged woman, the cold sneer on her lips became even darker and more sinister. At that moment, there was fiery pain on her face as she longed to kill Su Ming.

Among the three of them, the middle-aged man was the calmest. First of all, he could not tell Zhu You Cai’s level of cultivation, so he did not have the old man’s anxiety. Second, Huo Zhu was not his junior sister, so her survival had nothing to do with him. As for Su Ming, the middle-aged man was rather eager to see how he would handle the situation once he lured out the old monsters.

The trio each harbored their own thoughts. However, none of them expected that if they blew it out of proportion, then what awaited them would be a real catastrophe, that the forces of power stationed in True Sacred Yin World would be… completely annihilated.

The devastation was still brewing. If everything went smoothly, then perhaps it would not happen, but if it did not go smoothly… then to Su Ming, it was not impossible to destroy the whole galaxy.

At the instant Flame Fiends’ Progenitor sent the purple sea of fire towards the vortex of planets and booming sounds reverberated in all directions, shocking the tens of thousands of cultivators in the area, a cold harrumph came from the vortex.

The moment Su Ming heard that sound, a barely noticeable glint shone in his eyes. He was rather familiar with that sound. It belonged to the Almighty in Mastery Realm who had pursued him until he reached Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands!

There was anger contained in that sound, along with a cold tone that chilled a person to the bones. The moment it appeared, it was as if a cold gust of wind had risen in the galaxy. When it touched the purple sea of fire in an unseen manner, it looked as if a violent gust of wind had come upon it, threatening to extinguish. Flame Fiends’ Progenitor lifted his head then and roared. A purple sea of fire erupted from his body once more, turning into a gigantic hand of flames. When it stretched out, it was big as the vortex of planets, and it pushed down on it!

“This place… isn’t a place where you can cause trouble as you please. Even if you are a direct descendant from True Morning Sect… you will still have to immediately leave!”

A cold and dark voice reached everyone’s ears. At that moment, a palm… that was just as huge appeared in the vortex. It crashed against the palm of flames summoned by Flame Fiends’ Progenitor.

Booming sounds caused the galaxy to tremble as if it was about to be torn apart. The expression of Flame Fiends’ Progenitor changed, and he took a few staggering steps back. He might also be in Mastery Realm, but he had not completed it. When he moved back, the final word from the cold voice in the vortex reverberated in space, turning into endless echoes that shook the universe.

Su Ming smiled. This was the second time he had smiled after he came to the camp that belonged to the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World. There was a malicious air to his smile. He would not give them a third chance. If True Sacred Yin World continued acting in that way, then when he smiled for the third time… he would destroy their whole galaxy!

By his side, Zhu You Cai sighed. With a single move, he reached the vortex of planets. He might not have been acquainted with Su Ming for a long time, but he still knew more than anyone else present, especially about what Su Ming’s smile signified. He knew its meaning, and he also knew that with the fifth kiln in possession, he was a formidable opponent. Even when Zhu You Cai was at the peak of his condition, he would still need to be incredibly wary of him, and that went even more for the people around them.

And no matter what… he was still from True Sacred Yin World, which was why without even needing Su Ming to order him, he walked out.

“Open the Rune, we will only take a single person.”

At the instant Zhu You Cai walked forward and approached the place, he had his true power erupt from his body. When it took shape, the galaxy roared, and all the people’s expressions changed drastically.
