# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1044

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

At the instant the power belonging to Life Realm spread out, the galaxy instant trembled with a loud rumble, causing the tens upon thousands of cultivators in the area to have their expressions change drastically. Their hearts trembled simultaneously, as if there was in invisible hammer striking fiercely at their hearts, causing the tens upon thousands of people to be shocked. Their cultivation bases also seemed as if they had been completely suppressed. Their minds roared, and they were completely blank.

The old man was in a better state. At that moment, his face was pale, but he was still composed. After all, he had already guessed Zhu You Cai’s level of cultivation before this. At that moment, this was just proving his guess correct.

However, the middle-aged man by the side had an expression of disbelief on his face. His eyes were blank, and his mind roared, as if there were thousands of thunder cracking in his head at the same time. Normal cultivators might not be able know the meaning of Life Realm, because in their eyes, becoming Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death was just reaching a Realm, and even Su Ming himself only managed to slowly figure out the detailed categorizations much later after he learned about the Masters of Fate, Lives and Death.

Yet as an Almighty in Mastery Realm, even though he had just reached this Realm, this middle-aged man’s understanding towards Life Realm was clearly much greater than the tens upon thousands of cultivators around him.

Ignorance is bliss, this was an ancient proverb. It meant that if a person did not know of the terrors about a certain thing, then they would not be afraid of it. Even though it was a rather one-sided view of things, but there was also some form of logic in it. On the other hand, the more someone understood the terrors of a certain matter, the more afraid they would be of it. This was boundlessly magnified on the middle-aged man at that moment.

While he trembled, great astonishment and shock appeared in his eyes. He came to understand swiftly why the old man by his side tried so many times to stop the middle-aged woman from provoking this group of people. If a person could make an Almighty in Life Realm follow him willingly, then even if it was not because of his power that made that Almighty be his follower, it was still enough to make a person shocked and make all powerful warriors to regard him with great important.

He also came to understand swiftly that Su Ming’s threat of asking them whether they were seeking death were not just empty words. He… had his own methods of carrying out his threat.

If he was already in such a state of shock, then it was even more so for the middle-aged woman who caused all of this. This woman might be an Almighty in Mastery Realm, but just like the middle-aged man, she had just reached that Realm, and she could not be considered to have reached completion in Mastery Realm. At that moment, the woman shivered, and terror as well as disbelief appeared in her eyes. A billowing storm raged in her mind, and a great, ominous feeling instantly submerged her heart like a tidal wave.

She turned her head around in anguish and looked towards the old man by her side. When she saw that the old man was rather composed and was only looking at her with a complicated gaze, there was in no way that the woman would not know why he had been trying to stop her previously. However… everything was already too late. She already notified her junior sister, causing something that should have been simple to become more complicated… and become even more dangerous.

But that woman refused to admit to her fault. A brilliant light shone in her eyes. So what if this person was an Almighty in Life Realm? It was not as if… there was no Almighties in Life Realm among the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds stationed here!!

Based on what she knew, at the core of the vortex of planets was one of the Progenitors from True Sacred Yin World. This person had already not appeared for a long period of time and had always been in isolation to train. Besides major events linked to the place’s survival or a powerful enemy so strong that the others could not fight against appearing, this person would not come out of isolation.

There was an old monster like this existing within the each of the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds stationed here. They were the strongest defense left here by the four Great True Worlds in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. Because of it, they could control the Barren Lands of Divine Essence to its utmost possible limit.

Unless… an Almighty in Death Realm appeared in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. However, those in Life Realm from the four Great True Worlds only numbered to nearly about a dozen people. As for Almighties in Death Realm, they were even more scarce in number. Those people were already at the level of Kalpa Lords from each true world, and they were existences that were only second to the True Progenitors. There were less than ten of them.

Under the limitations set on the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, it was impossible for a person here to arrive in this Realm, which was already very difficult to reach in the first place. Even if that person truly appeared, several Almighties in Death Realm would immediately come forth from the four Great True Worlds to directly attack, kill, or seal him.

Which was why the middle-aged woman still believed that she would be able to escape unscathed by a stroke of luck.

Zhu You Cai sent his power outwards. As his words reverberated in the air, the old man’s voice from the vortex of planets instantly disappeared. After a long while, when the vortex rotated about, an old man dressed in a long robe made of sackcloth walked out.

The old man’s expression was grim. When he walked out, he instantly trained his gaze on Zhu You Cai before he wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed to him.

“Senior, with your power, might I know just who you are searching for from this place,” the old man raised his head and said slowly.

“Huo Zhu,” Zhu You Cai did not want things to let things escalate to a point where there was no turning back and said with a low voice.

The old man waited for a moment. When he saw that Huo Zhu did not take the initiative to come forth from the vortex of planets, he frowned slightly and spoke to Zhu You Cai, “This is the main camp of the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds stationed in this place. All the people who stay here have complete freedom to do whatever they want. It is not convenient for me to interfere too much. Since this person does not want to appear, then please leave and do not disrupt True Sacred Yin World’s peace.”

A brilliant light shone in Zhu You Cai’s eyes when he heard these words. He believed that he had already given enough consideration to the people in this place. If it was not because he was a member of True Sacred Yin World in the past, he would not have bothered about this. When he saw the old man before him saying such words, he could not help but let out a cold harrumph and took a step forward.

The old man in a long robe made of sackcloth turned his body sideways and did not even stop him. He too, knew that with his power, he had no right to stop this Almighty in Life Realm before his eyes, but this… was the main camp of the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World stationed in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. When he moved back, the old man had a calm expression on his face, and there was not a hint of change in emotion on him.

As Zhu You Cai approached the vortex, he brought his right hand up and seized the space in the direction of the vortex of planets before him. With it, the vortex trembled with a bang. The sound was so loud that it reverberated to all directions, causing the galaxy to have endless ripples appear while it shuddered.

Boom!

While the vortex and the galaxy shuddered, Zhu You Cai raised his arms, and as if he was tearing apart space, he tore at the vortex with a fierce yang. With it, the tremors in the galaxy grew even more intense. Countless planets trembled, and a vast layer of fog shot out. A gigantic crack appeared swiftly in the galaxy with a vicious rip. When it swept past, it looked as if it wanted to tear the vortex into half.

His power in Life Realm spilled out without him holding back any of it. It filled all the corners in the galaxy, causing the countless planets in the vortex to tremble furiously and shocking awake plenty of the people who were in isolation. The desert on the planet where Huo Zhu was located trembled. The sky was in chaos. The lamp in the hall swayed viciously to reveal a woman’s face. With a dark expression on her face, her eyes sparkled, and a cold sneer appeared on the corners of her lips.

“You overestimate yourself. So what if you are in Life Realm? If this was the world outside, then I would definitely die, but this is True Sacred Yin World’s main camp. The laws in this land say that if I don’t want to go out, then no one can force me to leave.

“If I am forced to leave this place, then all of True Sacred Yin World’s dignity will be shamed. If the Rune in the vortex is ripped apart, then all of True Sacred Yin World’s dignity will still be shamed. To a true world, their dignity is incredibly important!

“As long… as I don’t go out, no one can do anything to me!”

At the moment the woman’s sullen face in the candle flame laughed coldly, she immediately heard an ancient voice travelling into all directions slowly from the depths of the vortex of planets to spread out of the vortex. At the moment she heard the voice, the cold sneer on her lips became greater.

“You now have your consciousness formed, but your body is yet to be. You can be considered to half of an associate of mine in Life Realm… Since you must have experienced much difficulty in your path in cultivation… and on account of our past… I will not pursue the matter of you breaking into True Sacred Yin World’s main camp… leave.” The old voice sounded as if its owner had not spoken in many years. The words were lacking slightly in fluency, and there was an endless, ancient air in them. When it travelled into space, it caused all the people who heard it to feel as if time was flowing away from that voice. Along with that voice came a misconception that made them feel as if all their blood, essence, and even their life force as well as cultivation base was about to wither.

It was especially so for Zhu You Cai. His body trembled swiftly, and a complicated look appeared in his eyes. That person had clearly recognized him, and he had also recognized the person who said those words. That belonged to one of his elders in True Sacred Yin World.

In his silence, a brilliant light shone in Zhu You Cai’s eyes. He did not retreat, but instead moved forward and charged towards the vortex of planets.

“I am only going to retrieve a person today. If you don’t open the Rune, I will not leave!”

However, at the moment Zhu You Cai approached the vortex of planets, a sigh travelled out of the vortex, and what appeared immediately after was a propelling force that brought it with a supreme, mighty pressure. With a bang, it landed on Zhu You Cai. Zhu You Cai shuddered and took a few staggering steps back. The area around his body immediately distorted, and a gigantic circle of light instantly enveloped his body completely, as if he had been sealed and had turned into a bubble floating in the galaxy.

“Kill the one in Mastery Realm, chase away the one in Life Realm, disable… the boy from Morning Dao Sect as a warning to others!” When that old voice appeared again, a mocking smile appeared on the middle-aged woman’s face. She took a step forward and charged towards Su Ming.

The middle-aged man by her side also sighed in relief in his heart. With a calm expression, he too, approached Su Ming.

The old man in the long robe made of sackcloth and the old man who managed to deduce Zhu You Cai’s level of cultivation fell silent. One of them took a step forward towards the Flame Fiends’ Progenitor, and the other walked towards Su Ming.

When the bound Zhu You Cai saw this, he sighed softly. He saw the malicious smile appear the third time on Su Ming’s lips, and he closed his eyes.

At that moment, the tens upon thousands of cultivators around the area had hostile expressions on their faces. They might not have showed themselves, the they had surrounded the area to form a large Rune to isolate them. As they circled around the area, the Rune started roaring and turned into a powerful propelling force intending to sweep up the trapped Su Ming and the Flame Fiends’ Progenitor and shift them out of the camp where the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World was stationed.

Several gigantic Radix Planets also drifted over from the perimeter at that moment. The light from them reached hundreds upon thousands of feet. Terrifying presences spread out from them. This was True Sacred Yin World activating all of their power accumulated in their camp. With this power around and without Zhu You Cai’s help, it would seem… like they were capable of killing Su Ming and the Flame Fiends’ Progenitor.

There was not even the slightest hint of fear on the Flame Fiends’ Progenitor. Instead, he started laughing coldly. When an elated expression appeared on his face, the smile on Su Ming’s face grew wider.

“If that’s the case… then one of the four forces of power stationed in this place should disappear.” Su Ming brought up his right hand and pointed swiftly at the galaxy above him. With it, his long hair swiftly changed color and turned crimson red. Red light shone in his eyes, and a heinous, murderous aura erupted swiftly from Su Ming’s body with a bang.

As the murderous aura erupted from him. The galaxy above them shuddered furiously during that instant as well. An invisible force from space pressed down swiftly on the ground with a loud rumble!

The galaxy shuddered. As rumbles shook the sky, the Almighties in the land had their expressions change drastically in a manner that had never happened to them before, and then, in the galaxy… a corner of the fifth kiln appeared!!
