# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1045

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“This is…”

“The fifth kiln! That’s impossible. Why… Why is the fifth kiln here?”

The expression of the old man who had chased after Su Ming and forced him to flee into Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands with the power of one palm in the past changed drastically. His body also started trembling furiously. There was no way he would not recognize the fifth kiln. It was a phenomenon hailed as one of the greatest mysteries that had existed in Divine Essence Star Ocean for a long time. It was an item he had seen with his own eyes in the past and which he’d only escaped by a hair’s breadth after obtaining a serendipity within—an item he regarded as something incredibly sacred in his heart!

The old man had a supreme treasure in his hands that he rarely used, only taking it out when he ran into extremely major events. That supreme treasure… was what he had obtained from the fifth kiln.

He wasn’t the only one who reacted like that, though. The other three people beside him also looked as if they were suffocating while staring at the galaxy above them in shock. Their faces were pale with disbelief. It was the most unimaginable thing they had experienced in all their lives, up to the point that they were so shocked that they could not describe what was going on.

The old man who had deduced Zhu You Cai’s level of cultivation was pale-faced. He then started laughing brokenly. Only at that moment had he come to a realization that he had still underestimated Dao Kong. He thought that having an Almighty in Mastery Realm obey him and another Almighty in Life Realm as his follower would mean that he would have something exalted about himself, but he did not expect that there was more to than that. It was actually… absolute power. It… was being invincible in the universe!

The middle-aged man had thought that it had nothing to do with him and intended to be an onlooker and watch the fun by the side. But at that moment, he shuddered and his breathing quickened. He had also… seen the fifth kiln before, but he had only seen it from the distance, not having the courage to step inside. Instead, he had retreated at the time.

But he had still seen the fifth kiln and saw how it stood tall in the universe. Right then, the awe and fear he’d experienced when it let out the sea of fire that even Divine Essence Star Ocean had to regard as a disaster rose within from the bottom of his heart.

Yet the person with the most ghastly expression was still the middle-aged woman. All blood had drained from her face, and panic as well as great regret and fear filled her eyes. Everything that had happened had a great connection with her. If she had not warned Huo Zhu, she would not have stirred up Su Ming’s desire to destroy the galaxy. If she had not acted presumptuously, then… the scene of the fifth kiln descending would not have occurred.

A loud bang rang out in the woman’s head. As her body trembled, she took a few staggering steps back. Her eyes lost their focus. Not even in her dreams would she have expected that the weakest among the trio would actually be Huo Kui who was in Mastery Realm, and the strongest was not the currently sealed Almighty in Life Realm. Instead, it was Dao Kong… who by then had crimson hair and a murderous aura that radiated off of him!

Compared to the Almighties whose expressions changed drastically, the tens of thousands of cultivators around the area mostly looked perplexed. With their levels of cultivation, they might have heard about the fifth kiln or read about it in some ancient books detailing Divine Essence Star Ocean, but none of them had ever personally witnessed it.

Which was why when they saw a corner of the gigantic kiln appear in the galaxy and sensed its mighty pressure that caused their hearts to tremble… they still charged towards Su Ming.

The instructions from the person with the most sublime status in the main camp was to them the greatest order.

“Scatter in haste!”

A low roar with a force that could make people to tremble came in a hurry from the vortex in the planet. It belonged to the most powerful Almighty in the land who had sealed Zhu You Cai and ordered to kill Huo Kui as well as incapacitate Su Ming!

Booming sounds surged into the heavens from the vortex of planets. Six planets rushed out in an instant. When they dashed out, they turned into six figures that charged towards the group.

“This is just a misunderstanding! Fellow Daoist, please calm down!”

The old voice swiftly spoke again, tumbling out from the mouth of a middle-aged man leading the group of six. He… was the person who had sealed Zhu You Cai and was the strongest person in that place. At that moment, his heart was thrown into great turmoil. He had absolutely not expected that the direct descendant from Morning Dao Sect… could summon the fifth kiln.

There were men and women among the five following behind him, and all of them were Almighties in Fate Realm. However, at that moment, their expressions were ugly. They could not hide the shock and astonishment.

They were all Almighties from True Sacred Yin Realm stationed in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence acting as garrisons fending against the galaxy.

The ten of them rarely appeared at the same time… unless the alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean invaded. But when the fifth kiln descended, they could no longer care about anything else in the mid of their shock. The greater their level of cultivation was, the more they knew about the terrors of the fifth kiln… and all of them had gone to it before to obtain a supreme treasure.

The universe changed its color. The six’s previous air of supremacy instantly turned into panic, and all of this… was because Su Ming had called down the fifth kiln upon them.

“A misunderstanding?” The crimson-haired Su Ming had a bloodthirsty smile at the corners of his lips. “Sealing my War Immortal was a misunderstanding?”

Su Ming lifted his right hand into the air and pointed at the incoming six long arcs. Immediately, the fifth kiln above released a vast and mighty pressure. It spread in all directions with loud booming sounds, making the galaxy look as if it was about to collapse. It shuddered, and countless galactical cracks formed everywhere. Then, like sharp blades, they swept through the area.

This was the sign of the galaxy about to collapse because it was unable to withstand the force of the fifth kiln descending.

A large amount of cracks swept through the area, causing the speed of five people to slow down, but eyes of the middle-aged man right at front shone with a light at that moment, and with a bang, he rushed out, moved around the galactical cracks, and rushed towards Su Ming.

As long as he killed Su Ming… then everything would naturally be resolved!

“Injuring my follower was also a misunderstanding?”

There was a crazed lilt to Su Ming’s voice. When it reverberated in the area, the faces of the tens of thousands of cultivators turned pale. Their bodies were almost crushed under the mighty pressure. Some of people with lower levels of cultivation let out shrill screams of pain, and with a bang, their bodies were torn apart, their blood and flesh scattering in all directions.

“Trying to disable me is also the misunderstanding you spoke of?”

As Su Ming laughed, the strongest Progenitor, the Almighty in Life Realm who had sealed Zhu You Cai closed in. When they were a thousand feet away from each other, he lifted his right hand. Killing intent flashed in his eyes and he pushed his palm in Su Ming’s direction through space.

The galaxy trembled. At the instant the middle-aged man pushed his palm forward, an indistinct outline appeared around Su Ming. That outline… was of a much smaller fifth kiln. The middle-aged man’s palm then crashed into it.

With a bang, the fifth kiln’s outline trembled, but it did not break. Su Ming was completely unharmed within, but the middle-aged man’s expression changed, and he moved several steps back. When he lifted his head, there was anguish and disbelief on his face.

“The cultivators here wanted to kill me just now, but this is also a misunderstanding, right? That strike of yours is part of that misunderstanding you spoke of too, no doubt.”

Su Ming licked his lips. His bloodthirst became even clearer, and when he raised his right hand to swing it forward, a loud bang resounded in space. A monstrous sea of fire erupted from the fifth kiln in the galaxy above. The color was purple right off the bat, which was the fire that even Almighties in Mastery Realm would have to face with caution. At the slightest carelessness, their forms and spirits would be destroyed!

The purple sea of fire tumbled outwards with loud rumbles. This was the first time the fire from the fifth kiln burned in an area beyond Divine Essence Star Ocean. In the past, the disaster was only limited to over there. It was the first time it had appeared beyond Divine Essence Star Ocean’s borders!

No matter how quick the tens of thousands of cultivators in the area were, they could not outrun the tumbling fires from the fifth kiln. In an instant, nearly ten thousand cultivators were submerged, and before they even had the time to scream, they were reduced to ashes. They were burned completely, and their forms as well as their spirits were destroyed!

The flames that were known as a catastrophe by those in Divine Essence Star Ocean… could easily kill all the cultivators!

Nearly ten thousand of them died. As dense flames from the sea of fire roared, killing intent rose in the eyes of the ten Almighties in the area, especially those of the strongest Almighty in Life Realm. He glared at Su Ming, and a strong wave of regret rose in his heart.

“Dao Kong, those people had no grudges nor harbored any animosity towards you, yet you…”

“No grudges or animosity? If a vicious dog shows malice to me, then I will definitely strike it down. If a poisonous snake bares its poisonous fangs at me, I will crush it.

“There is no way that I would let people who wanted to kill me just moments ag leave unscathed after they failed in killing me. Today… I will destroy this world. I will… kill all the people in this land!”

Su Ming brought his hands up and swung his arms. The galaxy roared as the fifth kiln descended completely. The gigantic treasure brought with it a suffocating mighty pressure which spread forth through the sea of fire that burned the universe. The instant of descent… brought a disaster and a nightmare to all the people in the land!

“Dao Kong, does True Morning Dao World really want to go to war against True Sacred Yin World?” the middle-aged man roared, and the ancient air in his voice morphed into powerful killing intent.

“Go to war? Then… we will go to war!”

The crimson-haired Su Ming laughed loudly. With a swing of his right arm, the sea of fire tumbled with a loud roar.

The Almighties retreated. The alarm and fear on their faces was something that could be rarely seen on them.

The planets collapsed and exploded into pieces. The Radix Planets might have contained terrifying power, but compared to the fifth kiln, they were so frail that they could not even withstand a single blow. All of them exploded!

“Tai An Yin, since all of you Almighties from True Morning Dao World have arrived and seen this, then True Morning Dao World will have to suffer the consequences for thi!” the middle-aged man roared towards the heavens. Veins popped up on his face.

“If anyone tries to stop me, I will destroy their world too!”

Su Ming raised his right foot and took a swift step forward. The sea of fire let out a loud bang. As it tumbled about, the light from the fifth kiln reached one hundred thousand feet. With just one thought, Su Ming could make all the life forms within the fifth kiln descend.

A sigh came from space, then a voice said with a trace of respect, “Your Highness, we will obey your orders with great caution. We will definitely not take any action.”

“Your Highness? You… You aren’t an ordinary member of Morning Dao Sect!” The expression of the middle-aged man from True Sacred Yin World changed swiftly. He looked towards Su Ming, his heart in shock once more.

“Of course His Highness Dao Kong is not an ordinary member of Morning Dao Sect. He is one of the ten heirs that our Kalpa Lord from True Morning Dao World has designated!” A woman’s cold harrumph came from space. Su Ming was familiar with this voice. It belonged… to Xu Hui.
