# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1046

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When the middle-aged man from True Sacred Yin World heard Su Ming being referred to as ‘His Highness’, his expression changed, because this title was one that only a certain group of people could obtain. Those with the title would be chosen to receive the education required to succeed the title of a Kalpa Lord in each true world.

That was why they were addressed as His or Her Highnesses, and were also known as Dynasts!

One of such people was Chang He. In True Sacred Yin World, he was known as a Dynast. Even though there were others who shared the same address, but one of them would definitely be chosen.

It was the same for True Morning Dao World. The ten Great Dynasts were ten people who had the potential to become the future Kalpa Lord of True Morning Dao World. One of them would certainly be chosen for that role. The period of time while waiting to be chosen was known as the period of time for the heirs to be tested. The ten of them would be provided with a large amount of resources, so their power would increase by leaps and bounds.

In the end, once they were chosen, they would go through an inheritance ceremony, and they would not only inherit the previous Kalpa Lord’s cultivation base and epiphanies… they would also inherit the entire True Morning Dao World.

All those who were known as Dynasts in any true world were renowned people. Most of them were known to others, so even though the middle-aged man had been in isolation for many years, he had a specially-assigned person to send a jade slip to him once every hundred years to tell him what had happened in the four Great True Worlds. Because of that, he would not be completely ignorant of the matters in the world outside even though he lived all year long in isolation.

However, the middle-aged man was completely out of the loop in regards to Dao Kong as one of the ten Great Dynasts in True Morning Dao World. There was only one possibility for this—it was something that happened during the recent years, and it was in the jade slip he had yet to see.

But based on how the others also seemed to be completely unaware of it, the matter might not have happened during the past few decades. It should… have been something that was only made public during the recent years, which was why the people in the world outside could not know about it.

What also caused his heart to let out a loud thump against his chest was that the Almighties from True Morning Dao World around the area… were not interfering in the slightest towards Dao Kong’s actions. They watched unfeelingly as all the cultivators from True Sacred Yin World stationed in the area died, seeming to harbor a great deal of respect towards Dao Kong.

The abnormality in this caused the middle-aged man expression to change.

‘Even the Dynasts have different levels among themselves… which… Dynast is this person in True Morning Dao World?’

The middle-aged man’s expression changed, but he had already taken a swift step forward to charge towards Su Ming. At the instant he attempted to use his power to overturn the universe, Su Ming also took a step forward. The galaxy rumbled, the flames from the fifth kiln spread out in billowing waves, and Su Ming’s deep voice echoed in all directions.

“The next is all of you.”

The crimson-haired Su Ming had madness and the desire for destruction on his face. The appearance of the fifth kiln caused the shrunken outline of the kiln to be a constant presence around his body. It was the barrier that the Almighty in Life Realm could not destroy even after he struck it at full strength.

Once Su Ming was in possession of absolute defense, he was invincible. The purple sea of fire that surged into the heavens and which could burn Almighties in Mastery Realm became only the first disaster he stirred up.

As Su Ming took a step forward, he immediately collided with the Almighty in Life Realm in the galaxy. With a loud bang, the middle-aged man’s body was sent staggering backwards. He was continuously forced back several hundreds of feet, and his expression was incredibly dark.

“Attack at full strength. Even if he possesses the fifth kiln, if we attack at full strength, we can still shake his foundation!” As the middle-aged man growled, he lifted his right hand and seized space. Immediately, a thick layer of green appeared on his palm. The green light brightened to a piercing degree, until it formed a long green blade.

A vast presence that shook the sky and earth erupted from the middle-aged man with a bang.

At the same time, the other Almighties around him gritted their teeth. While in the tumbling sea of fire, they stopped retreating. Those in Fate Realm were in a better condition; they could control their bodies and move about in the sea of fire. Even if it tumbled about around them, they could all avoid it. However, the mighty pressure from the fifth kiln caused their aura to become chaotic.

As for the Almighties in Mastery Realm, they suffered the most in the sea of fire. They had managed to stop with much difficulty, but they did not dare to remain still for too long. Resolve burst forth in their eyes. Booming sounds rose into the air, and all sorts of lights in a variety of colors flashed, and those Almighties brought out their strongest Enchanted Treasures.

Soon, a great power erupted from everyone’s bodies. There were ten people in total, and all of them rushed to Su Ming. The instant the ten long arcs closed in on him as if they were breaking through the sea of fire, a bloodthirsty smile appeared on Su Ming’s lips.

“You want to attack me when I have the kiln with me?”

Su Ming lifted his right hand and formed a seal. He pointed at the outline of the kiln around him. Booming sounds immediately rang out. As they reverberated in space, the supreme treasures in the hands of six out of ten people who rushed towards Su Ming from all directions instantly shuddered. As their expressions changed, the supreme treasures fell out of their hands, and once their connections were broken off, they immediately floated over to Su Ming. They surrounded him and let out buzzing sounds as if they were worshiping him. As they spun around the area, light flashed around Su Ming’s body, giving him a supreme mighty pressure at that instant.

The expressions of the six people who had lost their supreme treasures changed, and three of them tumbled backwards before immediately choosing to retreat. Determination surfaced on the faces of the other three, and without any hesitation, they rushed towards Su Ming.

He laughed coldly. He brought his right hand up, and the Life Inequity Spear instantly appeared. Once he seized it, he did not spare even a glance at the incoming Almighties, the powerful warriors who would be respected, worshiped, and regarded with fervent zeal by a large number of cultivators in the world outside. He lifted his leg up and simply allowed all of them to charge towards him and bombard him with their attacks while he took a step towards the three retreating figures.

Su Ming’s foot landed, and a crimson moon appeared behind him. It was so large that it instantly shocked all the people whose attacks had landed on the kiln barrier around him.

A loud bang shot up. The barrier around Su Ming shuddered violently. Withstanding the most powerful strike from the seven powerful warriors had caused it to shrink swiftly. Then… a powerful rebound was stirred up. When it swelled outwards, it caused the divine abilities from the seven people to tumble backwards, and with loud bangs, they collided against their owners.

The amount of power those people had used to attack him were reflected exactly back to them. As booming sounds reverberated in space, the seven people coughed up fresh blood, and all of them staggered backwards. Even the Almighty in Life Realm suffered the same fate. He might have fathomless power, but that one strike he delivered just then had been the strongest attack he could muster with his power. Because of that, the rebound was difficult for him to handle.

At the instant the seven tumbled backwards, Su Ming’s foot landed. In the blink of an eye, he appeared beside one of the three people who had chosen to retreat.

The Life Inequity Spear turned into a freezing glare that stabbed towards the center of the person’s brows. The Almighty’s expression changed. He opened his mouth and spat. Immediately, a large layer of fog gushed out. It turned into a shield in front of him and collided with the incoming the blade tip. With a bang, the shield shattered, and the long spear in Su Ming’s hand swayed backwards.

This minor delay allowed the Almighty to escape death, but the instant they moved, Su Ming seized the space in his direction. Immediately, a large number of branches formed on Su Ming’s hand. With an incredibly quick speed, they sliced through space and closed in on that person, swiftly crawling into his body. The moment shrill, pained screams rose into the air, the person’s body withered away. When he was reduced to a dried-up corpse, his screams fell silent.

Su Ming swung the numerous branches in his hand, but Ecang’s presence did not spread out. Su Ming, who had now become the complete Ecang, could by then change his presence at will. At that moment, there was only malice spreading out from him. There was not a hint of Ecang’s presence within it.

It had been the first Almighty Su Ming had killed in True Sacred Yin World’s galaxy. That scene brought about great shock to the other Almighties in the area, and it was especially so for the two other people who had fled beforehand. One of them was the middle-aged woman who had brought about the disaster. Her face was pale, and as she retreated, she shuddered, because she saw Su Ming looking towards her.

At that moment, even if she was an Almighty, her associate’s death along with the deaths of tens of thousands of cultivators sent from True Sacred Yin World to act as garrison, the endless sea of fire around her, and the bloodthirsty glare in Su Ming’s eyes when he looked towards her turned into a nightmare which caused her to shriek. As she hastily retreated, a sharp pain throbbed on the spot on her left cheek where Su Ming had struck her previously.

The eyes of the other cultivator who had fled flashed with a knowing light when he saw that. He immediately changed his direction. He could tell that Su Ming’s current target was the middle-aged woman, and at that moment, he no longer had any form of care for his companion in his mind. Leaving the place as soon as possible was the only thing that mattered to him.

When he did that, six of the seven people behind Su Ming did the exact same thing. Even if the Almighty in Life Realm was as awe-inspiring as ever, he could not stop the traitorous thought from rising in the people’s hearts. No one knew who was the first to retreat. In an instant, besides the Almighty in Life Realm, all the other six chose to run. They turned into long arcs that fled in six directions.

To them, their battle was simply impossible!

The instant they chose to retreat, Su Ming lifted his right hand and pointed at the first person who ran in the opposite direction, and who so happened to be the closest to him. Immediately, the fifth kiln in the galaxy swayed, and with an indescribable speed, it charged towards the cultivator. The man could not even dodge. With a bang, the huge fifth kiln crashed into him, tearing his body to pieces. He was reduced to a bloody mess, and his spirit was destroyed.

This was the second Almighty who died. At the instant it happened, Su Ming lifted his foot. When he placed it down, he appeared beside the middle-aged woman.

“You’re next.”
