# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1047

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

A disaster that True Sacred Yin World had never met before had come with the spread of the purple sea of fire. When Su Ming appeared beside the middle-aged woman, her face turned pale. She knew that it was already too late for her to retreat. She gritted her teeth. Murderous aura appeared in her eyes, and she swiftly bit through her tongue.

At the instant she did that, the broken part turned into a thick layer of fog that swept towards Su Ming.

With a bang, it disintegrated against the outline of the kiln around Su Ming. At the same time, the middle-aged woman’s body swiftly withered. In the blink of an eye, it turned into a layer of blood essence that was reduced to tens of thousands of droplets before surging backwards.

“She bit her tongue to scatter her soul!” came a surprised cry from a person from True Morning Dao World hidden somewhere in space.

Su Ming let out a cold harrumph. Among the group of ten, the person he wanted to kill the most was the middle-aged woman. There was no way he would let her escape. At that moment, the droplets of blood were tumbling backwards in all directions at an extreme speed. Su Ming lifted his right hand and pointed at the fifth kiln. Immediately, it spun swiftly, and as it did so, a great, suction force was created. With it, the galaxy immediately trembled, as if the rotations from the fifth kiln had turned it into a gigantic black hole.

The tens of thousands of blood essence drops shuddered before being sucked back. They instantly disappeared into the fifth kiln and were completely absorbed.

As for the middle-aged woman, with just one thought, Su Ming could determine whether she would live or die within the fifth kiln. However, he would not kill her for the time being. Once her soul was sucked in, Su Ming formed a seal with his right hand and pointed at the fifth kiln. Immediately, shrill screams and wails came from inside. It lasted for a few breaths, then a dim light flew out, charging towards Su Ming. When it landed on his palm, a small human could be seen within it. That small human had her eyes shut tight, and her appearance… was that was of the middle-aged woman.

However, by then, she had already lost her intelligence. The only thing left… was a soul with memories contained in it.

Su Ming clenched his right hand and immediately crushed that soul. Pieces of memories entered his mind, for he was not interested in anything else. The only thing he wanted was all the things regarding Huo Zhu.

After a moment, he turned around and looked towards the six other people who had turned into long arcs to charge into the distance. His gaze then shifted to the sullen Almighty in Life Realm.

With his offensive powers, Su Ming had demonstrated his will to destroy. Tens of thousands of cultivators had been burned to death, countless planets had collapsed, Radix Planets had melted… and three Almighties had died. All of that turned Su Ming into an incredibly terrifying existence in the other people’s eyes.

“Enough!” A low growl tumbled out of the Almighty in Life Realm. He glared at Su Ming with a dark expression.

“This galaxy has already been reduced to this state. Do you really want to kill all of us? If you truly insist on killing us, then even if you are one of the heirs to Morning Dao Sect, you will find it hard to escape being targeted by our Kalpa Lord.” The voice of the Almighty in Life Realm boomed and echoed in the area like thunder. The intent to destroy flashed in his eyes, but a bloodthirsty smirk appeared on the lips of the crimson-haired Su Ming.

“Enough? It’s indeed enough, but that word should be spoken by me.” Su Ming licked his lips, and the third eye opened at the center of his brows. It shrank, and the world before him was instantly magnified several times its original size. The galaxy instantly became boundless in his eyes. His gaze landed on one of the old men out of the six fleeing from the area.

He was not the cultivator who was the first to deduce Zhu You Cai’s level of cultivation. Instead… he was the first Almighty in Mastery Realm Su Ming had ever met in his life, the person who had chased him with the power of one palm, forcing him to flee into Western Ring Nebula’s foreign lands!

At the instant Su Ming looked towards him, the rapidly fleeing old man felt a chill creep up his spine. He turned around and saw Su Ming in the distance watching him.

A dark light shone in Su Ming’s third eye at that instant. He lifted his right hand and pointed towards the fifth kiln. It let out a loud bang, and with an incredibly quick speed, charged towards the old man.

His face turned pale. As despair appeared in his eyes, the fifth kiln closed in on him. At the instant it was about to touch him, he roared, lifted his right hand, and pushed towards it.

That one push caused the space in front of the old man to tumble about. As it did, a gigantic, illusory palm appeared, swelling up instantly to the size of the fifth kiln and knocking into it.

Boom!

When the two collided, the kiln did not even shudder, and its speed also did not reduce. However, that palm shook violently before it was torn to pieces. The old man’s bloodied right hand shattered.

He laughed brokenly, and the fifth kiln crashed into his body with a bang. Immediately, a layer of blood appeared in the galaxy. When it disappeared, the old man’s Nascent Divinity also disappeared, sucked into the fifth kiln.

“Now, it’s enough,” Su Ming declared flatly. When he did so, the color of his hair gradually turned from crimson to gray. When he turned around, he looked towards the True Sacred Yin Realm’s Almighty in Life Realm with calm gray pupils.

That old man stared at Su Ming with a dark look. After some time, he turned around without a single word and took a step towards space, but just as he was about to leave and the remaining five people in the distance were about to disappear, the fifth kiln let out a hum, and a layer of ripples spread out to cover the area like a seal. It froze up the whole galaxy, causing the people to come to an abrupt halt.

“What is the meaning of this now?” The Almighty in Life Realm rarely felt so outraged in his life. At that moment, he turned around swiftly, and suppressed rage appeared in his eyes.

“Before I, Dao, retrieve the item I need and locate that person called Huo Zhu, just wait here,” Su Ming said calmly, and his gaze fell on the area in front of him.

The sea of fire surrounded the place. The collapse of the planets and the melting of the Radix Planets caused the galaxy to be an empty space. Only… the vortex formed by countless planets continued rotating slowly.

All the living creatures in the vortex had fled during the disaster just then.

Perhaps she had also fled during the chaos, but she would have definitely ended up dead then. If she did not die, there were only two possibilities. One of them was that she was still in the vortex of planets, and the other… was that she was hiding among the Almighties who were about to escape.

It did not matter which it was, since Su Ming would still be able to seize the initiative in his hand. He stared at the vortex in the galaxy, then lifted his right hand to point forward. Immediately, the purple sea of fire around him tumbled about. As it swept outwards in all directions, it went surging towards the vortex of planets with a loud bang. He did not care whether Huo Zhu was still in there nor what her wishes were; he simply decided to use a crude method to forcefully melt those planets and blast her out if she was there.

With a loud bang, the Rune in the vortex of planets crumbled. The planets were then immediately burned to ashes.

As they were destroyed, a planet was revealed several breaths later. When Su Ming looked towards it, a cold sneer appeared on his lips.

He took a step forward, and his body instantly disappeared. When he reappeared, he had already closed in on the planet. He took another step, and stood on the land in the planet. The place was a desert, but it was burning with purple flames at that moment.

In the distance was a hall. There were great waves of resentment spreading out from inside it. Su Ming stared at that place, then saw a distorted shadow beyond the hall. It had the shape of a woman’s face, and she was glaring at him.

“I have never offended you, senior! Why did you do this?”

A shrill voice came from the shadow of the woman’s face beyond the hall, no longer possessing any composure. Clearly, the things that happened in the world outside had already stunned Divine General Huo Zhu, so much so that she was shivering to the point that her soul had almost shattered from fear.

She could not think of when she had brought about such a disaster upon herself. In fact, she was certain that she had never met the young man in front of her, and it had been a long time since she left her planet.

With a calm look, Su Ming took a step forward. Each time his feet landed on the desert sand, the planet would tremble. As he approached the hall, the illusory face beyond it continued to look at him with resentment.

Su Ming walked forward. Just as the woman was about to interrogate him again, he said flatly, “Bring Kong Mo’s physical body here.”

His sentence caused the expression of the woman, who had been about to speak, to instantly change. Disbelief appeared in her eyes. When she looked towards Su Ming, dark light shone in her eyes, and when she opened her mouth, a piercing howl rang out.

As she howled, the illusory face broke down with a bang to turn into the faces of tens of thousands of men and women, the elderly and the young. They charged towards Su Ming as if they wanted to devour him.

“You overestimate yourself.”

Su Ming had already closed in on her. Not a single hint of emotion was contained in his gray pupils. He lifted his right hand and punched forward. At the instant he did so, the world roared. Before the tens of thousands of faces could get close, all of them tumbled backwards and collapsed with a bang. In fact, even the hall fell into pieces. When it exploded, it revealed a table and the burning candle on it.

As the candle’s flame distorted, a woman’s face showed up, and she spoke urgently towards Su Ming. “Who is Kong Mo? I don’t have his physical body! This is a misunderstanding! Senior, do not believe in other people’s slander!”

“We will know whether or not this is a misunderstanding once I extract your soul and search through your memories.” Su Ming stepped into the collapsed hall and moved towards the candle flame.
