# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1050

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

There was an unfamiliar air in the galaxy. It was empty, unlike how galaxies were usually. Within that emptiness was some dazzling starlight. A gigantic vortex appeared to the northwest of True Morning Dao World. As it vortex rotated, the sound echoed in all directions.

There were ninety-nine giant stone platforms floating around that vortex. Complicated runic symbols were carved on all of them. When they shone with a dark light, ninety-nine cultivators could be found sitting on them.

There was a rotten presence spreading out from all of them. Their expressions were of indifference, as if they had been sitting there for countless years. There was a huge black sword stuck into the stone platforms, and it was positioned right in front of each person. The weeping of the swords could be heard faintly.

They were crying, roaring, because they were in a state akin to being abandoned. It had been many years since they had drunk a living being’s blood. They could only stay there and accompany their masters in silence, protecting the area for all eternity.

The ninety-nine stone platforms formed a circle. Anyone who looked over would feel as if the vortex had been formed by those stone platforms.

As it spun about, the ninety-nine cultivators continued sitting and meditating as if they were deep in slumber and completely unbothered by everything around them.

Time trickled by. When the time taken for an incense stick to burn had passed and booming sounds shook the galaxy, the vortex’s rotations stopped, and battleships came out from within.

Once they appeared, wave after wave of mighty pressure spread through through the galaxy. The cultivators on the battleships had already stood up with serious expressions on their faces. The mighty pressure instantly reached an incredibly high level, but even so, it still could not make the ninety-nine people on the stone platforms open their eyes.

After a moment, when the huge battleship that belonged to Su Ming located right at the center of the hundreds of battleships appeared from the vortex, the mighty pressure spreading out from it immediately caused a large amount of ripples to spread through the galaxy. Su Ming stood at the bow of the ship and stared ahead of him. The galaxy was unfamiliar to him, but at the same time, he knew it well; he had never seen it himself, but Dao Kong had possessed many memories regarding the place.

Su Ming knew that it was… True Morning Dao World!

It was the universe in which he had never stepped into, but was where his homeland was located.

When the hundreds of battleships appeared from the vortex, the mighty pressure that was formed instantly caused the ripples spreading out to become stronger. That was not only due to the collection of power from the near ten thousand cultivators from the hundreds of battleships, but also due to… Flame Fiends’ Progenitor, Zhu You Cai, and Su Ming.

The mighty pressure spreading from them alone was enough to make the galaxy tremble.

Su Ming’s eyes were calm, but there were emotions hidden within them that no one else could see. He knew that the moment he stepped inside, he would be reduced from the strongest in Divine Essence Star Ocean to an ordinary cultivator.

The fifth kiln had to remain in Divine Essence Star Ocean. Without it, if Su Ming came face to face with Almighties in Life Realm again, he could not push his will on them. It was precisely because of it that when he was about to leave the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, he did something as mad as destroying an entire galaxy.

He believed that before long, this matter would be known to all four Great True Worlds. As countless people would be stunned his his audacity, his name would instantly ring through all True Worlds.

And what Su Ming wanted was not to remain an unknown entity in True Morning Dao World that did things under a low profile… What he wanted was ostentatiousness, arrogance, and domineeringness!

Because of it, those who would dare to provoke him would be few in number. No one would ever even consider that Su Ming might not have brought the fifth kiln with him.

A barely noticeable glint shone in his eyes. The shadow of a kiln fleeted past the third eye at the center of his brows.

Su Ming had indeed left behind the fifth kiln in Divine Essence Star Ocean… but the connection he shared with it was not something he would lost just like that. If Su Ming had enough time on his hands during battle, he would be able to make the fifth kiln appear briefly like how he had summoned Ecang’s real form in the past.

However, unless he absolutely had to, Su Ming did not want to do it.

‘True Morning Dao World…’

Su Ming stared at the galaxy, and a smile slowly appeared on his lips. It grew wider, and in the end, it turned into loud laughter. It echoed in the galaxy, but all the cultivators around him looked as if they had not heard it. They continued to stand still on the battleships.

Su Ming had come back. Few people would be able to imagine that he would return in this manner—walking out of the Barren Lands of Divine Essence’s exit in a straightforward manner and with his head held high.

The power of Bright Yang was even stronger and thicker in this galaxy compared to when he was in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. It existed everywhere, but that presence did not manage to make Su Ming uncomfortable. The effect had already been reduced to its utmost limit. In fact, it could already be ignored.

Behind Su Ming, Flame Fiends’ Progenitor had an excited look on his face. He might be an Almighty, but this was still the first time he had ever stepped into the four Great True Worlds, and he could even do it with his head held high. This filled him with intense excitement.

By his side, the bald crane’s eyes rowed around. When they did so, a smug, naughty grin appeared on its beak. Its eyes sparkled. It seemed to be able to see that there were countless crystals waiting for it, and this was the highest form of enjoyment in its life.

“This area is the fixed Relocation spot near the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. We’ll still need about three months before we arrive in Morning Dao Sect,” Xu Hui said softly while standing beside Su Ming.

His eyes shone. He stared at the ninety-nine stone platforms around him and sensed an ancient and archaic presence from the cultivators whose expressions had yet to change. He could sense a sharp, glaring presence hidden within them. If it spread out, it would shake the universe.

When Xu Hui saw Su Ming looking towards the ninety-nine people, she told him all she knew. “These ninety-nine seniors of ours are powerful warriors sent from Morning Dao Sect to defend the exit. Their levels of cultivation are a mystery, so the only thing we know is that they practice a cultivation method that is different from ours. It’s a strange legacy Art. The sword is their Art, and their swords are like their lives.

“They might be under Morning Dao Sect’s jurisdiction, but they only listen to Progenitor Dao Chen’s orders. No one else can order them. Their current orders are to stop anyone from the other True Worlds from stepping into this place.”

When Su Ming heard it, he stared at the ninety-nine cultivators for another moment before averting his gaze. The hundreds of battleships headed off into the distance. They turned into hundreds of long arcs that charged towards Morning Dao Sect.

They would bring Su Ming to receive his challenges and trials, and to be given the entire True World to become the real Dynast!

Su Ming stood at the bow of the ship. As he watched the galaxy, he sensed that the power of Bright Yang truly did not cause any form of discomfort to him. By then, seven days had passed.

During them, the galaxy had been empty. Not a single planet appeared within sight. At that moment, seven days later, Su Ming saw an array of planets before him.

“This region belongs to Morning Dao Sect. The cultivators in all the planets are tribes under its jurisdiction. The west and north still belong to Morning Dao Sect, but the west and east regions have been conquered by the Immortals’ Union and have become a war zone,” Xu Hui said softly while pointing towards the planets before them.

“There lies the Tadris. They are people of Sect Elder Mo Da, who is one of the three thousand Great Sect Elders in Morning Dao Sect. The categorizations of social status are very strict and like a tower. There is only one person at the top of the tower, and he is Progenitor Dao Chen, who has been in isolation for many years.

“He is not just the master of Morning Dao Sect, but also the Kalpa Lord of True Morning Dao World. He protects the entire True Morning Dao World, and the only person above him is the True Progenitor, who is also known as the Sublime Paragon.

“However, there is a veil of mystery surrounding the Progenitor. No one knows where he is and who he is.

“Under the Progenitor is the Council of Sect Masters. It decides most of the things in Morning Dao Sect. There are a total of seventy-two people in the Council of Sect Masters, and each of them is an incredibly powerful existence.

“These people seldom venture out, and they are in isolation most of the time. Three of them will wake up once every century to decide the matters in Morning Dao Sect for a decade.

“Under the Council of Sect Masters are… the ten Great Dynasts, who are usually just empty existences, but who now have shown up. Including you, all ten Great Dynasts have to be in control of a chamber. It is originally empty, so you will have to add things in it on your own.

“Under the ten Great Dynasts are 333 Gods, 666 Immortals, and 999 Saints. These people have incredibly noble statuses, and they can be said to be people in Morning Dao Sect who decide the destiny. They are usually deep in slumber and will not venture out easily. Once they appear, they will destroy everything.

“All of these are the powerful of Morning Dao Sect’s Inner Sect. Unless it runs into a disaster that threatens to destroy it, they will not appear.

“The ones in Outer Sect are Morning Dao Sect’s four chambers: Sect Elder Chamber, War Chamber, World Protection Chamber, and last… is the chamber which only the ten Great Dynasts can control. It has been a decoration for many years, and even the Council of Sect Masters cannot interfere with it—the Palace Chamber!”

As the battleships moved forward, Xu Hui explained the structure of Morning Dao Sect to Su Ming in a soft whisper. Some of the things she told him were part of Dao Kong’s memories, so as they overlapped with the things Xu Huy said, Su Ming got a clearer picture of Morning Dao Sect.

Xu Hui continued speaking, telling him everything that she knew. The battleships continued forward, and after a moment, they approached the planets.

Long arcs flew up from those planets. They were packed densely together and numbered to tens of thousands. When the cultivators flew up, they bowed together towards the battleship where Su Ming stood.

There were around a dozen people who bowed towards Su Ming with respect on their faces while standing in front of all the cultivators.

“Greetings, Greater Sect Member!” As these people spoke, the tens of thousands of people behind immediately bowed and repeated the words. “Greetings, Greater Sect Member!”

Their words echoed in all directions. Even in the galaxy, their voices still sounded like thunder roaring. There was fervent zeal and respect on their faces, as if just one sentence from the Greater Sect Member they addressed would be enough for their whole race to rush out in obedience!
