# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1051

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Besides the Palace Chamber, the other three chambers from Morning Dao Sect are under the jurisdiction of the Sect Masters who awaken once every century. All the people have to listen to their orders and fulfill all their requests.

“The most famous among them is the Sect Elder Chamber. There are ninety-nine Chamber Elders, seven hundred Grand Sect Elders, three thousand Great Sect Elders, and thirty thousand ordinary Sect Elders.

“The ordinary Sect Elders can take in disciples as they please. Their disciples form the members of the perimeter surrounding the Sect Elder Chamber, and their numbers… are difficult to estimate.” While Xu Hui spoke of Morning Dao Sect’s structure, Su Ming stared at the tens of thousands of cultivators worshiping him near the planets in the distance and remembered his Master, Tian Xie Zi.

His senior brothers once mentioned that Tian Xie Zi was taken in as a disciple by a Sect Elder from Morning Dao Sect. Once it correlated with Xu Hui’s words, Su Ming gained a better understanding of the Sect Elder Chamber located in the Outer Sect of Morning Dao Sect.

“The Sect Elder Chamber’s mission is to control all races and forces of power in True Morning Dao World like a spider web. With the passage of time, they had turned the entire True Morning Dao World into a gigantic net.

“The chaos brought by the Immortals’ Union was out of Morning Dao Sect’s expectations, which is related to the Sect Elder Chamber.

“The War Chamber is a force of power that makes all races in Morning Dao Sect tremble. They are like a sharp blade, and whenever it strikes, blood will flow out in rivers…

“The War Cultivators number to one million, and they execute destruction. They are the greatest force in the rebellion waged by the Immortals’ Union.

“The next is the World Protection Chamber. They won’t join the internal strife within the True World so easily, and they are stationed at the edges of True Morning Dao World to prevent the invasion from other True Worlds. They are the strongest chamber with such a task.

“Only when Morning Dao Sect is close to destruction will they take action, because when they take action, then there is a high possibility that True Morning Dao Sect will be invaded by the other True Worlds.

“The ninety-nine people you saw just now were members from the World Protection Chamber. As long as they are not asked to leave their spots, they will defend the exit to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

“The last are the ten Great Palace Chambers. Since they have only existed in name for ages, not even I know what sort of mission they’ll have once Morning Dao Sect activates them.”

As Xu Hui spoke, Su Ming stared at the planets getting closer to them. He watched the cultivators worshiping him, and he could sense the strength and size of Morning Dao Sect.

The people before him clearly were their own race, and they were definitely not small in number. If there were tens of thousands of cultivators who possessed the power to fly out of their planets, then there would definitely be even more people who remained below. Even though they did not possess the power to fly out of their planets, they would definitely possess combat abilities.

Su Ming even saw quite a number of people who were Lords of World Planes among who had flown out. Some of the dozen-something at the forefront of the group were clearly in the later stage of World Plane Realm. In fact, there were three among them who were in Lunar Kalpa Realm, and one of them was in Solar Kalpa Realm.

These people far surpassed what power the Berserkers possessed in Su Ming’s memories. Yet… when that powerful race saw the battleships from Morning Dao Sect, all of its people came forth to pay their respects together. With the greatest form of greeting, they demonstrated their respect towards Morning Dao Sect.

Su Ming was silent. He knew that Morning Dao Sect was very powerful. After all, it was the strongest existence in a True World, and they were the master of an entire galaxy. However, it was just a thought in his mind before. Even if he had Dao Kong’s memories, he had not directly perceived Morning Dao Sect’s strength, but… when he saw an entire race worshiping him, he could feel the majesty and grandeur of Morning Dao Sect.

After all, there were plenty of races in True Morning Dao Sect. In fact, there were quite a number which were even more powerful than the people in front of them. However, before the chaos brought by the Immortals’ Union, all of them and all the sects had obeyed Morning Dao Sect and regarded Dao Chen as their master.

A great wave of sentiment rose in Su Ming’s heart. Because of that, he did not notice that the bald crane behind him looked ahead with sparkling eyes. They had a crystalline glow, as though there were countless crystals shining in them. The bald crane was so excited that it was shivering. The emotion on its face had already reached its peak. It moved forward with the hundreds of battleships, but the instant they approached the cultivators from the race worshiping Su Ming, it rushed out.

“Crystals! Give me all your crystals! I want crystals! Give me ten thousand— No, fifty thousand— Darn it all, give me one hundred thousand crystals!” The bald crane had been holding it in for half a day. As it roared, it demanded a sum that it believed to be a large number of crystals.

When it spoke, all the cultivators were immediately stunned, along with the dozen something people in front and even the cultivators on the battleships beside Su Ming. All of them had strange expressions.

Xu Hui sighed and shook her head, but did not speak. Su Ming frowned, but when he saw the bald crane’s excitement, he did not take any action to put a stop to its excitement.

The entire galaxy fell silent at that moment. Only the bald crane’s voice continued echoing. Several breaths later, the old man in Solar Kalpa Realm lifted his right hand and struck his storage bag with a strange expression. He then brought out an emerald green bag and pushed it towards the bald crane.

“There are one million crystals in here. Please accept it, Great Sect Member.”

The bald crane’s eyes went wide. It seized the bag and quickly opened it. With a solemn expression, it scrutinized its contents several times before it beamed and swiftly returned to Su Ming’s side. It hugged the bag, and powerful light shone in its eyes.

‘I’m rich! I’m rich! Darn it all, if we continue like this, I’ll definitely be rich!’

With the respect from the tens of thousands of cultivators whose hearts were filled with a strange feeling, Su Ming and the group gradually left into the distance. The area around them was silent. No one spoke, but there would be someone who would occasionally sneak a glance at Flame Fiends’ Progenitor.

The old man had originally stood beside the bald crane. But by then, he had taken a few steps backwards while sighing with great emotion in his heart. If it was him, he would have definitely asked for eight hundred million or one billion. The bald crane had shouted for half a day, but only asked for one hundred thousand, and the other party had even given it a lot more than what it initially asked. This was so embarrassing…

Su Ming decided to close his eyes. Once he sat down cross-legged, he acted as if he did not hear the bald crane counting crystals behind him. After several days, the it let out a shrill scream. That scream instantly attracted the attention of the cultivators around them. When they turned their heads towards it, they saw the bald crane shuddering and screaming with gritted teeth.

“Damn it, damn it! He lied to me! This isn’t one million crystals. Three crystals are lacking. I still need three more before I reach one million. I’m going to die, this Grandpa Crane is going to die! How could I have miscalculated? I’m still missing three, aarrgghhhh… My crystals…” the bald crane screamed shrilly while its body shuddered as if it had lost the most important thing in its life.

“My cute crystals, my beautiful crystals, my crystals which are even more important than my life… Damn it, I’m going to die, I’m seriously going to die.”

When the crowd heard those words, their hearts calmed down. There was no longer a strange expression in their gazes, but instead, it had turned into one of respect.

They respected… an existence that was so obsessed with crystals that it would replace everything about it.

That respect grew even more when the bald crane’s pained screams and endless chatter lasted for ten days. It continued trying to persuade Su Ming to turn back and return to the planets to regain those three missing crystals. The drive powered by its obsession alarmed the cultivators, and they were ashamed that they could not match up to it.

There was also a new form of respect that took shape in their gazes when they looked towards Su Ming. If it were them, they would have been driven mad a long time ago by the bald crane, but he continued to sit with his expression unchanging. He would even occasionally respond…

In the end, even Flame Fiends’ Progenitor could stand it no longer. He seized his bosom with his right hand and brought out three crystals to the bald crane.

“That’s yours, not mine. Even if you give me three crystals, I’m still missing three!” The bald crane caught those crystals, but its piercing voice still echoed in space.

Su Ming was already used to it. It was not the first time the bald crane had showed its extreme obsession towards the crystals.

Time passed by slowly like that, and another month passed with the hundreds of battleships charging forward through the galaxy. They passed by various planets, and the bald crane would extort each one, which made it more and more excited. However, even so, it was still obsessed with the three crystals it had missed because it had miscalculated.

When they were only seven days away from Morning Dao Sect, Zhu You Cai, who had his eyes shut since the beginning while standing behind Su Ming, suddenly opened his eyes. A brilliant light shone in them.

Next was the bald crane. Its endless chatter fell silent abruptly. A glint appeared in the eyes of Flame Fiends’ Progenitor. The nine old Frail Darknesses all opened their eyes a slit.

The battleships instantly shone with a powerful light. The expressions of the cultivators on them became grim.

All the people’s gazes instantly landed on the planet before them.

More accurately speaking, it was not a planet, but a gigantic egg!

Its surface was filled was uneven. It was just like a gigantic stone, which was why it looked like a planet, but in truth, it was a huge egg.

The mighty pressure spreading out from it was so strong that even Zhu You Cai had opened his eyes, a telling sign of how strong was the life being nursed in it. There were dozens of cultivators flying around at that moment. One of them stood in space with his arms over his chest and was watching Su Ming approach the area with a cold sneer.

There was a half-naked young man sitting on the huge egg. In his hand he held a beast bone and was biting on it, making crunching noises. His hair spilled all over his shoulders, and a primitive, savage presence spread out from his body. His eyes were narrowed and starting the fleet of battleships before him.

“What a grand parade. So you are Dao Kong, one of the people who belong to those who can be considered my grandchildren, but one who still managed to become a Dynast and whom I have never met before?” The young man’s eyes were as sharp as blades. They instantly swept past the people on the battleships to land on Su Ming.

As he spoke, he bit through the beast bone in his hand. Once he ate all of it, he picked up the Constellation Robe beside him and wiped his hands on it before wiping his mouth. With a glare, an awe-inspiring presence came from his body, and he held none of it back.

“I’ve seen plenty of your ancestors. How dare you not pay your respects to me? When your father was still a nobody, he did not have the courage to not kneel before me. Go back and ask that damn mother of yours whether she still remembers Dao Fei Feng, having seen me in the rain one thousand years ago! Who even are you? Get over here!”

“Dao Fei Feng, he is…” Xu Hui’s pupils shrank. She was about to introduce him, but Su Ming was faster.

“Take his head and hang it on the bow of my ship. We’ll bring it back to Morning Dao Sect.”
