# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1052

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming said those words casually, his expression remaining as calm as ever without a single change, but a freezing glare had already appeared in his eyes. The arrogant young man in front of him was not enough for Su Ming to feel an emotion change to the point where one of the three personalities would appear, or more accurately speaking, this young man did not have the right to see the gray or crimson Su Ming.

His voice was still echoing in the galaxy. Even though he had not spoken loudly, it sounded as if there was thunder roaring in space, and the young man with the primitive and savage presence was momentarily stunned. He then started laughing loudly. The dozens of cultivators beside him had mocking smiles, and there was an air of those who were thought themselves supreme in their expressions, a contemptuous attitude towards Su Ming and his group.

“Interesting, you want to hang my head on the bow of your ship? Have you trained so much that you went mad? Or is it because you’ve become so excited after you were conferred the title of a Dynast that you forgot yourself? Who gave you the right to talk to me like that?” Powerful killing intent rose swiftly in the young man’s eyes. As he spoke, the arrogance in his laughter became even stronger.

In truth, it was hard to blame the young man for being so arrogant. At that moment, Flame Fiends’ Progenitor had restrained his power upon stepping into True Morning Dao World. He was dressed in a crimson long robe, with his head covered. After all, they were in True Morning Dao World, and as a member of the alien race from Divine Essence Star Ocean, he was filled with uneasiness towards that place, si he had instinctively hidden his presence.

As for Zhu You Cai, if he did not have the mighty pressure formed by his cultivation base spreading out from his power, other people would find it hard to figure out his level of cultivation. At that moment, he only seemed like he was around World Plane Realm.

In the young man’s eyes, besides Xu Hui being in Lunar Kalpa Realm, only Su Ming alone could pressure him slightly, but since he had dared to come there, he would naturally have confidence in himself.

As his words echoed in the galaxy, Su Ming replied flatly with a calm expression.

“I’ll give you ten breaths. Kill all of his followers first.”

Su Ming’s calm words were filled with a harsh tone. They echoed in the people’s ears, but only appeared in the heart of Flame Fiends’ Progenitor, so he would understand that they were directed at him.

A wild and untamed laughter came from beneath the crimson long robe, and the instant it spread through the galaxy, it stirred up a large amount of ripple. Flame Fiends’ Progenitor wrapped his fist in his palm towards Su Ming.

“Don’t worry, Your Highness.”

Once he finished speaking, he took a step forward. When his foot landed, he stepped into the galaxy. It roared, and a huge vortex appeared beneath his foot. The vortex’s appearance immediately caused the galaxy around him to start moving backwards like flowing water, and the pupils of followers beside the young men shrank.

When Flame Fiends’ Progenitor stepped into the galaxy, his wild laughter spread out, and he slowly raised his head. He stretched out his claw-like, dried-up right hand and slowly pulled back the crimson hood over his head to reveal the emaciated, ugly face. His red pupils seemed to contain burning flames in them, and at that moment, he looked like an evil monster who had descended into the world. At the instant he revealed his face, his power also erupted from his body without any holding back.

The power of an Almighty in Mastery Realm spread out through the galaxy with loud booming sounds, causing the young man’s expression to change drastically. His followers had had derision on their faces, but at that moment, their expressions changed into shock and disbelief.

It brought great joy to Flame Fiends’ Progenitor. Just as he was about to say something while laughing wildly…

“Seven!”

The bald crane was someone who craved nothing but chaos in the universe. At that moment, a thought formed in its head, and it immediately shouted a number in correspondence to Su Ming’s order just then.

Once the bald crane shouted the number, all the people beside Su Ming looked towards it with a strange expression. Flame Fiends’ Progenitor shouted loudly and took a step forward to close in on the young man.

All of this happened at lightning speed. The young man’s face instantly turned pale.

“A… A Master of Fate, Lives, and Death!”

No matter what, he had not expected that there would be an Almighty who was a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death beside Dao Kong. Almighties were incredibly noble existences in his heart. He might be a direct descendant of Morning Dao Sect, but he did not have the right to have the sect send this sort of person to his side.

His mind was blank at that moment. It was also during that moment that shrill screams of pain came from one of his followers’ mouths. That man’s body was engulfed in flames before being reduced to ashes. Only his pained screams were still echoed in space.

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor licked his lips and walked out of the space where the cultivator had disappeared.

“Nine!” the bald crane immediately shouted at the top of its lungs.

Anger appeared in the eyes of Flame Fiends’ Progenitor. He did not have time to talk about anything else and brought his arms up before swinging them sideways. A purple sea of fire erupted from his body and turned into a gigantic palm of flames.

It seized the space upwards. If anyone was to look over from the distance, the palm of flames that was around one million feet big would look as if it occupied the whole galaxy.

As it went to seize the space upwards, the galaxy rumbled. Ripples spread out. When the universe trembled, all the followers beside the young were reduced to ashes. Beside the young man and the gigantic egg under his feet were gone. In fact, they did not even have time to scream in pain before their bodies and souls were destroyed.

When the palm of flames disappeared, there was a smug tone in the bald crane’s piercing screech as it reverberated in space. “Ten, darn it all! It’s been ten breaths, and you didn’t complete your orders!”

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor turned his head around and glared at the bald crane. At that moment, Dao Fei Feng, who was on top of the huge egg in the galaxy in front of Su Ming looked at them with pale face. Shock and panic was in his eyes. When the palm of flames had closed in on him, he had a strong feeling that he was about to die. If the strange egg had not sent forth its gentle power to surround him at the end, then the strike just then would have been the final scene he saw in his life.

He suddenly felt that he was a laughable fool. He had been so arrogant and had even specially waited for Dao Kong and his group with the intention of intimidating him so that he would give up on his title as a Dynast on his own.

To him, no matter how strong Dao Kong was, he was not his opponent. Most of the followers he brought were in the later stage of World Plane Realm. There were even three of them who were in Lunar Kalpa Realm, and Dao Fei Feng himself was between Lunar Kalpa Realm and Solar Kalpa Realm. Such a level of cultivation and force of power had caused him to be incredibly confident.

In fact, he had even thought that Dao Kong’s words just then had been ridiculously funny. His orders about beheading him and putting his head on the bow of the ship had brought out a need to mock him, and he had also wanted to see just what caused Dao Kong to be so confident.

However… Dao Kong’s expression had never changed. He only mentioned casually that he would only give ten breaths to complete his order, and Dao Fei Feng had lost all his followers in a moment.

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor glared at the bald crane. When he saw that Su Ming’s expression remained the same and did not change, he became nervous and quickly turned around with killing intent to stare at Dao Fei Feng, who was the only one left.

“Damn it, why didn’t you die just now?”

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor might be an Almighty, but he was not a cultivator and had not come to possess his level of cultivation through epiphanies. Instead, with his inborn ability from his race, he had gained his power by devouring plenty of his people. Only then did he obtain his power, which was why his emotions fluctuated a lot more. At that moment, he was worried that Su Ming was already displeased with him, which was why he directed all his resentment on the young man who did not die. As he spoke, he charged towards him.

“I am a direct descendant from Morning Dao Sect. This is a fight between us in the family. Senior, please… please don’t interfere. This is a competition between the members of Morning Dao Sect…”

Dao Fei Feng’s expression changed. The huge egg beneath him swiftly retreated while his pleas tumbled out of his mouth.

“Senior, which chamber do you belong to? I have the order from the Sect Elder Chamber with me, please do not attack!”

As Dao Fei Feng retreated, he brought out a white plate from his bosom while speaking loudly. He was anxious and nervous, but he was also confident that once he brought the plate out, the Almighty from Morning Dao Sect before him would hesitate for a moment.

“Darn you and your Sect Elder Chamber!” Flame Fiends’ Progenitor roared, subconsciously using the bald crane’s catchphrase. He rushed forward, and in Dao Fei Feng’s disbelieving gaze, he closed in on him. The huge egg shuddered, and a gentle screen of light appeared, so Flame Fiends’ Progenitor attack landed on it and not the young man.

With a bang, the screen of light started swaying furiously, and Dao Fei Feng was shaken so badly by the tremors that he coughed up a mouthful of blood.

“You aren’t dead yet?”

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor immediately felt as if anger was out to burn him from the inside. He was a great Almighty, but he could not kill a small cultivator who was halfway into Solar Kalpa Realm within two consecutive attacks. All of that might have been due to the peculiarity of the huge egg, but with the others watching, it became something incredibly embarrassing for Flame Fiends’ Progenitor.

Th smug and contemptuous laughter from the bald crane was especially aggravating.

“Die! Die! DIE!”

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor charged forward, and ooming sounds reverberated in the galaxy. A screen of light stirred up from the huge egg. It continued distorting before it eventually crumbled with a bang. As it shattered into pieces, Dao Fei Feng coughed up blood again. His body withered, and he looked as if he had lost half his life. Fear and terror that had never appeared in his eyes before showed up.

“Ancestor, please save me!”

At the instant his words were spoken, cracks spread through the gigantic egg beneath him. A black head of a dog rushed out from within to bite Flame Fiends’ Progenitor.

“Huh? Your ancestor is a dog? Damn it, and it’s even a black dog! This is a humiliation! You’re humiliating me!” The bald crane had originally been content with just watching the fun, but at that moment, it glared at the dog and became unreasonably angry.
