# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1053

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming’s expression had not changed since the start. It did not matter to him what status this Dao Fei Feng had or what sort of person existed behind him. Since he dared to block him, then his end was already determined.

Since Su Ming had returned to True Morning Dao World, he would not choose to keep a low profile. All those who provoked him would have to come face to face with his killing intent. He would kill until he became infamous, kill until the heavens were overturned, kill until he became a nightmare that would cause others to shiver, and kill… until he became a memory that would cause people to quiver even after many years has passed in True Morning Dao World.

As the bald crane wailed at the top of its lungs, the huge egg beneath Dao Fei Feng shattered. Its howls reverberated in space… and a gigantic beast with seven heads stepped out.

Those seven heads were all dog heads, and they were packed densely on the ferocious beast’s single neck, causing it to look incredibly frightening. Its entire body was black. At that moment, all seven dog heads howled and charged toward Flame Fiends’ Progenitor.

With an indifferent expression, Su Ming raised his right hand.

“All battleships, activate the power of the Rune and attack.” Su Ming’s right hand fell to point at the spot where Dao Fei Feng stood.

When he said those words, the hearts of all the cultivators on the battleships around him froze. However, they instantly sat down and activated the Rune. Right away, the battleships shone with a dazzling light, and waves of destructive presence spread in all directions.

When the presence from the battleships appeared, Dao Fei Feng’s expression changed drastically.

“Y-y-you… this is a battle between us. I can let the fact that you asked your follower to attack me slide, but how dare you use the power of the battleships!”

Almost the moment he said those words, the galaxy shuddered. A loud bang surged into the heavens. During that instant, all the battleships activated their Runes at full speed. With loud rumbling sounds, hundreds of light pillars shot out to charge towards Dao Fei Feng.

The galaxy trembled. The loud bangs were even louder than thunder. The light pillars all landed where Dao Fei Feng stood. If the seven-headed beast had not swiftly moved in front of him to protect him, then that place would have been reduced into emptiness, and the already heavily injured Dao Fei Feng would have been injured even more.

But even though he was protected, the seven-headed ferocious beast had been forced to take the full brunt of the attack from the hundreds of light pillars. In the midst of the booming sounds, it was forced back continuously. At the instant the booming ended, the ferocious beast let out a loud wail. It was reduced to a bloody mess, but it turned around swiftly to glare at Su Ming before seizing Dao Fei Feng in its mouth and changing into a long arc to charge into the distance, intending to escape.

Anger flashed in the eyes of Flame Fiends’ Progenitor. He felt incredibly outraged by the events that happened due to his level of cultivation. First was that huge and strange egg putting a stop to his divine ability, and next came that ferocious beast. It had thick skin and could even withstand his divine ability head-on. This caused Flame Fiends’ Progenitor to suddenly suspect that… his level of cultivation had regressed when he entered True Morning Dao World.

But the moment he wanted to give chase, a freezing glare shone in Su Ming’s eyes. With a calm gaze, he took a step forward, and when his foot landed, he moved past Flame Fiends’ Progenitor. Then, he took another step forward to appear in the distant galaxy, right in front of the seven-headed ferocious beast.

A ruthless glare shone in the ferocious beast’s eyes. At the instant killing intent shone in the eyes of Dao Fei Feng, who was still in the beast’s mouth, Su Ming brought his right hand up and gave the ferocious beast a seemingly casual slap.

“You overestimate yourself. Without that Almighty beside you, a puny cultivator like you is just asking for death!” Dao Feng let out a low growl. But just as he was about to fly out, the pupils of the seven-headed ferocious beast shrank in disbelief.

A… power that surpassed the Almighties in Mastery Realm erupted from Su Ming’s single strike. It could easily destroy a planet and collapse an entire galaxy. In fact, even if Almighties in Fate Realm ran into it, their hearts would tremble. And that strike landed on the ferocious beast.

With a bang, Su Ming’s palm pressed on space, and the ferocious beast screamed shrilly in pain. Its body fell backwards as blood gushed out of it. Six of the seven heads exploded at the same time. As they were reduced to bloody mess, even Dao Fei Feng was affected by the remnants of that power. He coughed up fresh blood, and his body was flung outwards. This scene caused Dao Fei Feng to shudder. Blood flowed out nonstop from his mouth, and when he looked at Su Ming, his gaze was filled with disbelief and stupefaction.

The ferocious beast which only had one head left had a muddled consciousness at that moment. There was no longer any thought about saving Dao Fei Feng in its head. The only thing that remained was to run! With every ounce of its strength, it had to run away.

It sensed a presence that caused it to tremble from Su Ming. That presence might be barely discernible, but it was… a power that seemed to be able to destroy the entire universe.

Su Ming had an indifferent expression on his face. As he stood in the galaxy, he lifted his right hand, and immediately, a purple-black fog surrounded his arm to turn into the Life Inequity Spear. Once he held it in his hand, he threw it towards the dog-headed beast fleeing into the distance.

The Life Inequity Spear charged forward with a strange whistle to form a long arc. It ripped through the galaxy and sliced through space. The whistles sounded like Life Inequity Spear’s soul crying out in excitement. There was an excitement contained in them that seemed filled with a wish to destroy all lives. With a loud bang, it pierced the dog-headed beast’s neck, dragging its large body towards the battleships.

With a bang, the Life Inequity Spear shot into the hundreds of battleships. It might have pierced the bow of the gigantic ship that belonged to Su Ming, but it did not destroy the ship’s structure. Instead… it pinned the ferocious dog’s body to the ship.

All of this might have seemed to have happened over a long period of time, but in truth, it only took the span of a few breaths before it was over. It was so quick that it caused the people in the area to instantly fall into dead silence. With a calm expression, Su Ming turned around and looked towards the dazed Dao Fei Feng not too far away.

Su Ming’s previous words surfaced once again in Dao Fei Feng’s mind at that moment. The words which he had thought were ludicrous and had even regarded with derision and scorn were incredibly sharp when they appeared in his head again. They made him tremble, and realize that he had been incredibly presumptuous.

An expression of anguish appeared on his face. When he saw Su Ming taking a step forward, about to approach him, he swiftly retreated while speaking urgently.

“Direct descendants from Morning Dao Sect are forbidden from killing each other. This is my fault, and I’m willing to suffer the consequences for it, I…”

Before he could finish speaking, Su Ming’s foot had already landed, and he appeared in front of Dao Fei Feng. He did not say a single thing, but lifted his right hand to seize Dao Fei Feng’s throat.

Behead him and hang his head on the bow of the ship—those were Su Ming’s previous words, and he would not change them.

“If you kill me, then you have to suffer the punishment from the Council of Sect Masters!” Dao Fei Feng’s face turned pale, and despair appeared on his face. As he screamed forlornly, he wanted to dodge his grip. He could sense the killing intent from Su Ming, and that killing intent was so great that just a slight sense of it caused his heart to tremble.

His answer was a cold harrumph from Su Ming. His right arm seemed to slice through the galaxy as if he was cutting through butter with a hot knife. In an instant, he closed in on Dao Fei Feng and went to seize his neck. However, the moment Su Ming’s right arm was about to touch Dao Fei Feng, his expression distorted, and he let out the strongest roar in his life.

“Grandfather, save me! Save me!”

With a loud bang, a powerful force tore through the galaxy from the void and forcefully appeared behind Dao Fei Feng in the shape of an old arm that seized Dao Fei Feng’s shoulder. That arm yanked his body and changed his position. At the same time, the person who appeared out of nowhere lifted his other arm and crashed it against Su Ming’s incoming grip.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Su Ming moved, and the person who had walked out of the void and saved Dao Fei Feng coughed up a mouthful of blood. He staggered several hundreds of feet backwards. When he lifted his head, an old face was revealed. It was an old man who was dressed in a gray, long robe and was filled with an Immortal’s air.

He stared at Su Ming in shock, and there was astonishment in his eyes. As he yanked Dao Fei Feng to retreat with him, he spoke urgently,

“I am a Dao Hua Lin, a Great Sect Elder in Sect Elder Chamber. Your Highness, please allow me to save face. I will definitely repay you in the future.”

“Help you save face?” Su Ming said faintly. When he lifted his foot, a gigantic moon appeared behind him. At the instant it did, a great commotion rose up. It came from the cultivators on the hundreds of battleships, and it also came from… the old man in gray, and also Dao Fei Feng, who was stupefied again while coughing up blood due to the severe injuries he had suffered.

At the instant the gigantic moon appeared, Su Ming took a step and instantly closed in on the old man. He brought up his right hand, formed a seal, and the moon behind him shone with a piercing tri-colored light.

The old man’s expression changed drastically. Immediately, he bit the tip of his tongue, and after he coughed up blood, he shouted towards the blood he coughed up. It shuddered and turned into blood fog before turning into a gigantic ferocious head that had its mouth opened to swallow Su Ming.

Boom!

At the instant his finger touched the head made of blood fog, it collapsed into bits. The old man’s face turned pale. He was forced back again, and during that process, he roared.

“You aren’t the real Dynast yet! You killed your fellow sect members and disrespected the Sect Elder Chamber! Don’t blame me for working with the sect elders to strip you off of your right as a Dynast! Would you want another friend or another enemy?! Dao Kong, give me an answer!”

The old man might have looked a little disheveled and pathetic, but as he spoke, there was an air of him standing high above others. Clearly, as a Great Sect Elder from the Sect Elder Chamber, he had become used to such an attitude, since it was his usual bearing on normal days.

“Who even are you?” Su Ming asked flatly.
