# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1054

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“You!” When the old man heard it, anger immediately appeared in his eyes. Since he was one of the Great Sect Elders in the Sect Elder Chamber, every single person who met him in the galaxy would be polite to him, trembling in nervousness, and when they spoke, there would be caution and respect in their voices.

Since he had Dao as his family name, which mean that he was a direct descendant of the Dao Family, he still had quite a high status. There were very few people who would refute him. He was used to people obeying his every word when he spoke, for most people cared about helping him save face. That was why when he came face to face with Su Ming, that one sentence asking him about who he was instantly caused rage to rise in his heart.

“Very well, very well!” Burning with extreme anger, he swung his arm while smiling coldly. “I’d like to see whether you have the courage to kill two fellow sect members from the same family in succession!” As he let out a cold snort, the old man seized Dao Fei Feng and turned around.

Just as he was about to leave…

With a calm expression, Su Ming lifted a foot and took a step forward. The gigantic moon behind him shone with a tri-colored light. When it spread through the galaxy, Su Ming’s foot landed and he appeared right next to the old man.

By the time the old man turned around, Su Ming had already stretched out his right hand at the speed of lightning. He went to seize the old man, who roared loudly, bit the tip of his tongue, and coughed up a layer of blood fog. However, almost at the moment that fog formed, Su Ming declared flatly, “Scatter!”

When he said that, the gigantic tri-colored moon behind him shone even brighter. Immediately, the galaxy around him looked as if its laws had scattered before gathering together again. As the invisible laws changed, the blood fog scattered at the speed of lightning. The moment it happened, Su Ming’s right hand appeared in front of the old man. He seized Dao Fei Feng, and when he yanked him backwards, he dragged the pale-stricken and despair-filled youth from the old man’s hands.

“Grandfather, save me, save me…”

Dao Fei Feng was scared out of his wits. The fear in his heart had reached its peak, for he could sense a merciless coldness from Su Ming. As he was pleading for help forlornly, Su Ming flung his right arm, and when he unfurled his fingers, Dao Fei Feng’s body was swept away by a great force. He turned into a long arc and rushed toward the fleet of battleships.

With a bang, his pained screams reached their loudest point, and then he was impaled by the hilt of Life Inequity Spear, which was nailed to the bow of the ship.

His chest was pierced through, and together with the dog-headed beast, he was impaled at the bow of the ship. His body convulsed, and a large amount of blood trickled out from his mouth. His eyes gradually grew dull, his head rolled to the side, and he breathed his last.

His Nascent Divinity and soul had been crushed the instant he was stabbed by the Life Inequity Spear.

The area was filled with dead silence. Even the cultivators who belonged to Su Ming on the battleships did not make a sound, staring at Su Ming in shock. After all, killing fellow sect members was strictly prohibited within Morning Dao Sect, so Su Ming… had clearly committed a great offense.

However, Xu Hui’s expression remained the same. The nine old Frail Darknesses by her side also did not exhibit any change, as if they were not too worried even though Dao Fei Feng had died.

This scene shocked the old man from the Sect Elder Chamber. He was momentarily stunned, then red appeared in his eyes. Disbelief lingered in them as they glared at Su Ming.

“One of the duties of those in the Sect Elder Chamber is to monitor the people in the family, and we have the right to kill all those who go against the rules of the sect! Dao Kong, you are a direct descendant of our family yet you killed a fellow family member and broke the rules.

“For the offense you’ve committed, your cultivation base should be destroyed, and an entire galaxy will suppress you until your body and soul are destroyed to serve as a warning for others! With my status as the Great Sect Elder in the Sect Elder Chamber, I bear witness that you… are a criminal!” the old man roared.

The enmity in his eyes was incredibly clear. As he spoke, he lifted his right hand, and immediately, a white plate appeared on his palm. He struck it with his left hand, and the ruthlessness and the venom in his voice was incredibly distinct.

“Dao Fei Feng was the one who provoked us first. With provocative words, he intended to challenge His Highness’ right. This is Dynast Dao Kong’s first challenger. Based on the orders the Progenitor sent several years ago while he was in isolation, once the heirs appear, the survival of challengers from the sect will not be brought into consideration!” Xu Hui smiled faintly. She lifted her right hand as well, and a blue plate appeared on her palm. At the instant it was brought out, ripples of power immediately spread out from it.

“The Sect Master’s plate!”

The old man’s expression changed drastically as he stared at the plate in Xu Hui’s palm. He took a few staggering steps back, and a complicated look appeared on his face. At that moment, he remembered that even as well. It had been many years since heirs had appeared in Morning Dao Sect, which was why he had overlooked the status and power of Dynasts. He then also remembered the Progenitor sending an order while in isolation stating that those who challenged heirs would forfeit their lives upon loss.

“You are Dao Fei Feng’s grandfather. Are you… going to challenge me as well?” Su Ming asked faintly.

That question was like an invisible slap that struck the old man’s face, and his expression changed a couple times. Without a single word, he then turned around and changed into a long arc that left swiftly.

Su Ming did not stop the old man. He stared at him leaving into the distance before turning around to walk toward the fleet of battleships. When he reached Flame Fiends’ Progenitor, he came to a halt.

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor heart let out a thump.

“There will be no next time,” Su Ming said faintly, and Flame Fiends’ Progenitor quickly lowered his head to show his obedience.

While doing so, he let out a huge sigh of relief in his heart. When he first came into contact with Su Ming in their journey to the fifth kiln, he had regarded the other in derision. But when he showed hostility towards him, his physical body was destroyed, and derision turned into wariness. Then, he plotted against the descendant of Ancient Wu with Su Ming, and the series of things they went through made Flame Fiends’ Progenitor to be incredibly wary of Su Ming.

At some point it had changed into respect, and then to fear when they left the fifth kiln and headed to the fifth ocean. In fact, a strange sort of thought had risen in him—as long as he followed Su Ming, then no matter how great the danger they ran into, he would be able to resolve it.

Because of it, Flame Fiends’ Progenitor decided to follow Su Ming willingly after just one sentence. With time, his respect become grown greater, and it had already become etched into his soul.

At that moment, as he stared at Su Ming’s back, he lowered his head and pulled the crimson hood over his head before returned to the battleship. After a moment, as the hundreds of battleships rumbled, they continued in the direction of Morning Dao Sect. They sliced through space and charged forward.

At the center of the battleships was Su Ming’s gigantic battleship, and on its bow was the Life Inequity Spear, nailing… the dog-headed ferocious beast and Dao Fei Feng’s corpse.

Time trickled by slowly, and five days gradually passed. During them, Su Ming and his crew passed through several planets, and all the races they ran into would all venture into the galaxy to greet him.

They had also run into several direct descendants of the Dao Family, but when they saw Dao Fei Feng’s corpse hanging on the bow of Su Ming’s ship, their expressions changed drastically, and all of them turned around and left without any hesitation.

The dead bodies were a blatant deterrent. With them, Su Ming could get rid of many unnecessary disturbances, so the fleet of battleships intimidated everyone wherever he went.

When the fifth day was over, Su Ming stared at the galaxy in the distance, and his pupils shrank slightly.

When he stood near the railing, he could vaguely see a crimson light in the distant galaxy. That light might be faint and rather far from them, but Su Ming could not help but think that the place was filled with an air of slaughter and bloodthirst.

Clearly, that spot where the crimson light was coming from was going through a large-scale slaughter and battle at that moment.

“There are at least one hundred thousand cultivators fighting against each other.” A glint appeared in the eyes of Flame Fiends’ Progenitor, who licked his lips.

“Crystals, darn it all, how many crystals are there?!” The bald crane’s eyes sparkled.

A solemn expression appeared on Xu Hui’s face. The nine old Frail Darknesses also stared at the distant galaxy with scrutinizing looks.

“With the battleships’ speed, we might need about a day to reach that battlefield. Based on its position… it should at the Relocation spot for which we are heading.

Xu Hui raised her right hand and flipped it over. The Sect Elder’s plate appeared on her palm, and when she sneaked a glance at it, she shook her head. “I haven’t received any warnings. This battle should have just recently broken out… But based on the location, it is indeed the place to which we are going.

“That’s one of the one hundred and eight Relocation spots Morning Dao Sect has in the galaxy. When we reach it, we should be able to return to Morning Dao Sect with the Relocation power there.” Xu Hui stood beside Su Ming while speaking softly.

“There aren’t any other paths to enter Morning Dao Sect from the areas beyond the sect. The only way is through the one hundred and eight Relocation spots, and we need Morning Dao Sect to correspond with us to activate it. Because of that, even if outsiders took control of the Relocation spot, they won’t be able to enter through it.

“It’s much easier to leave Morning Dao Sect. We just need to walk to the end in any direction, and we’d be able to move through space to the galaxy of True Morning Dao World.

“The Relocation spot in front of us is the closest one, but it is also located quite near to the region which belongs to the Immortals’ Union, but if we circle around this place, we’ll need another month or so to enter.” Xu Hui looked towards Su Ming.

True Morning Dao World was so big that even if Su Ming had lived for many years in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, he was still awed. It was much larger than the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

In truth, if Su Ming was alone, he could shift and soon close the distance. However, there were hundreds of battleships with him, and because of it, his travel speed was naturally slower.

But Su Ming was not in a hurry. He wanted to see more of True Morning Dao World, and since the battle before them was clearly waged by the Immortals’ Union, he nodded upon hearing Xu Hui’s words. He wanted to see whether he could find any familiar faces on the battlefield.

“Let’s head to the Relocation spot in front of us,” Su Ming said faintly.
