# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1055

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The sound of battle shook the entire universe. As the loud booms echoed in space, they spread outwards. Multi-colored lights from all sorts of divine abilities bloomed like fireworks, bringing about an incredibly beautiful moment that lasted for only an instant.

The bright red blood and its thick stench filled the area and stimulated all the cultivators within it.

Compared to the chaotic war between the Immortals’ Union and Morning Dao Sect, the battle in this area a small-scale, with only a hundred thousand something cultivators participating.

There were about eighty thousand cultivators from the Immortals’ Union, and they had launched a sudden attack against fifty thousand cultivators that were stationed to defend the Relocation spot.

Two days ago, the eighty thousand cultivators from the Immortals’ Union had used some sort of unknown method to suddenly by using the Relocation Rune which was supposed to only be able to send people into Morning Dao Sect. Yet a large number of people from the Immortals’ Union had arrived, catching the fifty thousand disciples from Morning Dao Sect stationed in the place unaware, and the battle had begun.

In two days, nearly twenty thousand people had died from the eighty thousand people from the Immortals’ Union. Few of their corpses were complete. Most of them were torn to pieces which ended up floating around the area. Blood flowed in all directions, making the stench in the galaxy unbearable.

The price for killing twenty thousand cultivators from the Immortals’ Union was twenty thousand Morning Dao Sect’s disciples stationed to defend the Rune. The levels of cultivation of these cultivators from Morning Dao Sect surpassed those from the Immortals’ Union, but the abrupt arrival of the enemy had injured them severely at the start of the battle, which was why they had suffered the same amount of losses.

The battle kept on going, and the slaughter continued. The cultivators on both sides fought until they were in a state of frenzy. By then, there was a huge eye floating among the army belonging to the Immortals’ Union. An aloof air came from that eyeball as it watched the battle.

Beneath it were three middle-aged men surrounded by a ring of old men with powerful presences. One of them had a handsome face. Even though he appeared to be in his middle ages, there was a steadfast maturity to him. He had dashing eyebrows and sparkling eyes, and all those who saw him could imagine that he was definitely an incredibly handsome man while he was still a teenager.

He had his hands placed behind his back and was standing under the eyeball in silence. On his back was a huge bow, and he was dressed in a beautiful, noble long robe. He had an awe-inspiring face, and the presences of the other two people behind him clearly could not match up to his. They only accompanied him.

“Senior Brother Bei, it’s been almost three days. With the speed Morning Dao Sect sends their messages, even if we have the method to cut off their communication channels and stall them, if we fail…” the person standing to the left of the man in the beautiful robes said in a low voice.

“That’s right, Senior Brother Bei. Testing the people here for three days is already enough for us to complete our task. The fellow Daoists in other places have already returned by now. Should we… retreat?” the person to the right asked right after.

“The union sent us here to test Morning Dao Sect’s reaction, and they gave us a few days. The Relocation Interception Art the Sacred Lady has come to understand can intercept the Relocation Runes for seven days, on theory. It can also cause Morning Dao Sect to suffer a seven-day delay in the battles within True Morning Dao World.

“If we leave within three days, then we won’t be able to gauge the precise time,” the man in the beautiful robes said calmly. His voice was low and brought with it an air of persuasion.

“This is…” The person on his left hesitated for a moment. When he looked as if he wanted to say something, a glint shone in the eyes of the man with the beautiful robes.

“The union has not sent us the call for retreat. Above us is the Eye of the Sacred Temple. Who would dare to leave on their own?! Say no more and deploy the chariots!”

When his words traveled outwards, the people by his side sighed in their hearts. They instinctively cast a glance at the gigantic eye exuding the aloof presence above him before immediately bowing their heads and voicing their obedience. They took a few steps back and sent orders to the cultivators who belonged to the union.

Booming sounds instantly echoed in the area. The space on one side of the battleship distorted before turning into a vortex, and nine gigantic crimson objects with long ferocious horns that were tens upon thousands of feet tall came out. They were chariots because of which the expressions of people from Morning Dao Sect changed at once!

Those were chariots formed from hundreds of thousands of huge swords. The crimson shade made them look as if they were dyed in blood. Harsh presence spread out from them, and they rushed swiftly into the battlefield.

The battle became even more intense. At that moment, at a spot incredibly far away from the battlefield was a region which belonged to the Immortals’ Union. A gigantic planet formed by nearly one hundred planets gathered together was located there, and on it was a huge palace floating in midair.

The palace shone with a variety of colors. The land was quiet, and not a single sound could be heard. Only a woman could be found sitting cross-legged.

She was dressed in white and beautiful, but not a hint of emotion could be detected on her. She was as cold as ice, and floating before here were nine balls of light. In each of them were different pictures flashing continuously.

If anyone took a closer look, they would be able to see clearly that there were nine battlefields contained in the balls of light. In the third ball was the region where the man named Bei was located.

The woman in white stared at the balls of light calmly. Occasionally, she would fix her gaze upon one of them. Runic symbols would flash in her eyes, as if she was calculating something.

Time trickled by. As the woman occasionally paid attention to the battles in the balls of light, the third day passed for the galaxy where the man named Bei was located. The small-scale battle had reached an incredibly devastating state there. Many of the people within the Immortals’ Union had died, but the people from Morning Dao Sect had also paid a large price.

There were only about ten thousand left from the original fifty thousand. Fatigue filled their hearts, and despair enveloped their bodies. Their associates had died one by one, and the thick stench of blood around them as well as the crazed slaughter launched by the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union from all directions caused them to feel as if they were about to break down from fatigue and despair.

‘Why isn’t the sect sending anyone to help us?!’

‘Usually, when we’re fighting against the Immortals’ Union, reinforcements arrive within a short amount of time, but three days have already passed, so why is no one here yet?!’

‘This is a Relocation spot, so it’s an incredibly important place to Morning Dao Sect. Why… are they still not here?!’

These questions were shouted loudly in the hearts of the ten thousand something cultivators from Morning Dao Sect as they continued fighting.

‘What happened?!’

Behind them were nine huge platforms which formed the Relocation Rune. At that moment, there was an old man standing on one of the platforms. Beside him were three middle-aged men, and there was despair in their downcast expressions.

The old man had his eyes shut. His entire mind and soul fused into the platform under his feet, but a moment later, when he opened his eyes, his face was pale. When he lifted his head, he stared at the galaxy above him. It was the second battlefield. Over there, dozens of cultivators were fighting their way to the heavens.

Nine of the dozens of cultivators belonged to Morning Dao Sect, and they were sent from the War Chamber to defend the Rune. Fighting against them were seventeen cultivators from the Immortals’ Union. They had launched a fierce battle against each other in the galaxy above and were holding each other back. They were all in Lunar Kalpa Realm, and they were the strongest cultivators in the place.

‘I’ve already sent a message to alert the sect, but it’s been three days… and there isn’t any reply. Just what happened? How could this happen?!

‘It’s enough that they don’t send any reinforcements… but why is there no reply for the message I sent back to the sect about the dangers we’re facing after I activated the Relocation Rune? If no one from within the sect activates this damn Rune, no one from outside can be sent back.

‘But… But these damn cultivators from the Immortals’ Union used the Rune to be sent here. How… How did they do this?!’ The old man’s eyes were bloodshot. He was the Sect Elder stationed to defend the place with the disciples, and he was one of the Great Sect Elders in the Sect Elder Chamber, but at that moment, no matter what status he had, it was of no use.

Just now, he had tried to initiate contact with the sect again, but there was no response. Despair filled his body and soul.

If he ran, then forget whether he would be lucky enough to escape. Even if he did, he would definitely be punished according to how Morning Dao Sect dealt with deserters. Unless he switched sides and joined the Immortals’ Union… But what about his kinsmen? They stayed in the galaxy under Morning Dao Sect’s jurisdiction. If he fled, then his kinsmen… would face annihilation.

“Great Sect Elder, what should we do?” The three middle-aged men beside the old man looked towards him.

“I’m afraid the reinforcements from the sect won’t be coming,” the old man said in anguish.

The three men fell silent. The sounds of battle by their ears and the forlorn cries from their disciples before they died stabbed them in the heart.

“Great Sect Elder, perhaps we’ll have reinforcements…” Suddenly, one of the three middle-aged men lifted his head.

“I remember that ten days ago, I received an order from the direction of Divine Essence Star Ocean. It told us that Dynast Dao Kong and his group were coming to this place to use the Relocation Rune to head back to Morning Dao Sect, and we were to make preparations beforehand to activate the Rune. Judging by the time, they should arrive soon!”

“Dao Kong… Forget his level of cultivation, even if he really arrives, how many followers would he be able to bring with him? It won’t be enough; the blood light has grown so strong it reaches the sky. With the personalities of all direct descendants in Morning Dao Sect, he might have already turned around to head to another Relocation spot. He wouldn’t come here.”

“But no matter what, he is a Dynast, one of the ten Great Dynasts…”

“So what? I met him many years ago. He might seem kind, but in truth, he’s incredibly cold.” The group then fell silent.

“Even if we have to fight to death!” The old man laughed brokenly. He threw his head back and roared, and his shout reverberated in the battlefield to fall into the ears of all the disciples from Morning Dao Sect in the area. “For our families, even if we have to fight to the death,
