# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1056

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The roars echoed in the galaxy and shook the universe.

There were still tens of thousands of cultivators left in the Immortals’ Union. Behind them was the huge Eye of the Sacred Temple, and under it was the man named Bei, who was staring at the Great Sect Elder from Morning Dao Sect who’d been shouting moments ago.

‘Morning Dao Sect is a sect that is destined to fall, but in truth… there are still quite a number of powerful warriors in it.’ The man named Bei sighed in his heart. They had fought against Morning Dao Sect for hundreds of years, but every single time it was forced into a corner, someone like this would appear.

Even though the reason behind the words he shouted and the reason he went forward was because his family members were within the territory controlled by Morning Dao Sect and he was forced to do it for his family members’ continued survival, it was still something worthy of respect.

The Immortals’ Union might seem like it had great power, but in truth, no one like this had ever appeared among them.

‘A pity…’ The man named Bei shook his head.

“Have the chariots self-destruct. Since these people are in a frenzy, make them wake up from their madness.” When the man named Bei said those words, a person behind him immediately sent the order to the soldiers.

After a moment, the nine gigantic chariots which had brought about slaughter on the battlefield collapsed with a bang. Each of them was formed by hundreds of thousands of swords. Nine chariots were equivalent to millions of swords, and all of them stirred up a gust of wind formed to shoot out in all directions with loud rumbles.

Millions of swords shooting out was a disaster to the cultivators. There were only about ten thousand disciples from Morning Dao Sect left, and at the instant the chariots collapsed, shrill roars overshadowed all sounds in the area. It was the last sound many people made.

Seven thousand people… were reduced to minced meat. With their roars, they disappeared forever from the universe. Their bodies and spirits were destroyed.

“It’s just death.” This sentence could be easily uttered, but there were certain words that were the same as promises. Before they were spoken, a person would be their owner, but once they were said, the speaker would become their servant.

Seven thousand people died. The remaining five thousand something disciples from Morning Dao Sect felt as if cold water had been poured over their heads, even if they had shouted those words earlier. As they shivered, they continued retreating, and signs that they were about to break down could be seen.

“Chariots… We’re only people who are stationed here to defend this place. We aren’t from the War Chamber, so we don’t have War Weapons… They’re only cultivators from all regions, yet they already possess nine Sword Chariots…” As the Great Sect Elder from the Sect Elder Chamber laughed brokenly, he watched the disorderly disciples from Morning Dao Sect. He then leaped up to turn into a long arc that charged forward.

That long arc was like a moth flying to fire. It knew that it would definitely die… but it still did it.

He did not say or utter any agitated words, and neither did he shout about his willingness to die again. All of it was no longer necessary. If there was someone fleeing, then let them, but he could not run. He was not rushing for Morning Dao Sect, and neither was he doing it for himself. Instead, he was doing it for his family members, his children, and all his relatives.

‘With my death, I will be able to buy Morning Dao Sect’s tolerance for my family. This… is worth it.’ The old man’s eyes turned bloodshot. With madness and determination, he rushed towards the camp belonging to the Immortals’ Union.

“Both of you, attack. With the Moon Destroying Lightning, end his life, since he’s come here to seek death. Even if your level of cultivation is not high enough compared to his, he won’t dodge it,” the man named Bei said while staring at the old man rushing to them from the distance like a moth flying to fire.

“We can end this battle early.” The man named Bei raised his head and stared at the huge eyeball above him, and a hint of disgust appeared in his eyes.

At the instant he looked up though, an uproar suddenly rose in the battlefield. The sound came from those in Morning Dao Sect and also those from the Immortals’ Union.

Along with the noise were excited cheers that spread out through the area.

“Our reinforcements have arrived!”

“It’s the battleships from the sect! The people from the sect are here to save us!”

When those voices reverberating in the area, even the Great Sect Elder who was seeking death came to a halt and turned his head around to look.

He saw hundreds of battleships charging forward through the galaxy, along with near ten thousand cultivators within them. Excitement shone in his eyes, but when he looked behind them, he found that there was nothing there.

‘Only this many people…’

As he filled with anguish, the uproar around him slowly died down. Despair rose in the thousands of cultivations of Morning Dao Sect again. After going through the madness just now then having it extinguished by the millions of swords before the signs of collapse showed up, excitement had been ignited again when the hundreds of battleships appeared… but when they saw that there were only hundreds of them, that excitement was mercilessly extinguished again. These kind of highs and lows took away their will to fight, whatever was left of it. The thought of fleeing and scattering… instantly formed in nearly all those cultivators.

As they dispersed, killing intent appeared in the eyes of the tens of thousands of cultivators from the Immortals’ Union, and during that instant, their gazes were fixed on the hundreds of battleships.

The man named Bei shifted his gaze away from the huge eyeball above him and looked towards the hundreds of battleships in the distance.

“They aren’t the reinforcements from Morning Dao Sect, or else they wouldn’t have just sent these people. They should be just passing by, but since they’re here, make them stay,” the man named Bei said calmly.

Su Ming stood at the bow of the ship and stared at the battlefield before him. He saw the tens of thousands of cultivators from the Immortals’ Union and also saw the thousands of dispersed cultivators from Morning Dao Sect, along with the numerous shredded pieces of flesh filling the galaxy along with the thick, bloody stench in the area.

“Do I have a banner?” Su Ming suddenly asked.

Xu Hui was momentarily stunned. The eyes of the oldest among the nine old Frail Darknesses immediately flashed with a glint. He lifted his right hand and patted his body. A long piece of cloth appeared in his hand, and when it drifted in space, it was revealed that it was thousands of feet long.

“Your Highness, we do not have a banner, but if you need it, I can make a simple one right now.”

“I want a red one,” Su Ming said faintly.

The old man immediately swung the long piece of cloth in his hand around him, to dye it red with the blood floating about. Immediately, a blood red flag took shape.

“Hang the banner and shout my name. Let all these people know who you belong to, and also let me see… whether you have the right to continue being by my side.”

When Su Ming spoke, his words landed in the ears of the all the cultivators on the battleships, causing a brilliant light to shine in their eyes.

The old man hung the blood red war banner on Su Ming’s battleship. With one fling, the flag which was thousands of feet long fluttered in space without any wind, and during that instant, the hundreds of battleships let out a bang. An equivalent number of light pillars then shot out from them. At the instant they charged into the battlefield, all the cultivators on the battleships took a simultaneous step forward and turned into nearly ten thousand long arcs that rushed together into the battlefield.

“DAO KONG!” those people roared at the same time at the instant they rushed out. They shouted a name, and their voices shook the galaxy. When the words tumbled outwards like thunder in all directions, it landed in the hearts of the thousands of disciples from Morning Dao Sect who had already scattered. It also landed in the ears of the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union.

The voices surged about excitedly. When they fused with the momentum created by the near ten thousand people rushing out, there was only one phrase that could describe them…

As fierce as tigers and wolves!

Booming sounds shook the galaxy. The hundreds of light pillars from the battleships brought with them a destructive presence that surged into the storm in the battlefield. When it reverberated in space, the near ten thousand cultivators under Su Ming’s jurisdiction closed in, and launched a crazed battle.

At the instant the near ten thousand cultivators collided against the exhausted tens of thousands who had been fighting for three days, an endless battle began!

Even though the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect were scattered, they became hesitant when they saw that scene. They did not know whether they should continue fighting or continue fleeing, but the blood red flag and Dao Kong’s name echoing in their ears caused the extinguished fighting spirit in their hearts to gradually be ignited again.

The Great Sect Elder from the Sect Elder Chamber saw the incoming cultivators and the soaring blood red war banner. He also heard the name those near ten thousand cultivators roared, and without any hesitation, he turned into a long arc that charged towards the battleship in which Su Ming stood.

At that moment, the nine old Frail Darknesses flew out together, but they did not rush into the battleship. Instead, they flew into the galaxy above them, where the dozens of powerful warriors were fighting fiercely.

The bald crane’s eyes sparkled. With a single move, it disappeared without a trace. Only Su Ming could see half of an arm swiftly approaching the battlefield while traveling among the shredded pieces of flesh and torn limbs with almost no presence.

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor snickered while fiercely licking his lips. Bloodthirst appeared in his eyes. He looked towards Su Ming, and when he saw him nodding, he let out a long string of laughter and decided not to spread out the full extent of his power. Instead, he only showed power that was about Lunar Kalpa Realm. He left with a single move, clearly not willing to reveal the mighty pressure which belonged to an Almighty and would cause the others to flee. Instead, he wanted to relish in the enjoyment of being a wolf in sheep’s clothing.

“Is this alright?” Xu Hui chuckled softly while giving Su Ming a glance.

“We have to let them vent a little.” Su Ming smiled faintly as he looked back at her.

Xu Hui and Su Ming stared into each other’s eyes, and a gentleness that would not usually appear in her eyes showed up. She covered her mouth and laughed, but when she saw the huge eyeball floating in the galaxy, her mirth immediately disappeared, and her pupils constricted.

“What is that?” Su Ming’s gaze also landed on the huge eyeball. He had a vague feeling that it was also staring at him at that moment.

That thing was different from Su Ming’s third eye. His third eye possessed its own intelligence, but the huge eyeball gave others the feeling that it was a dead object. Clearly, it was an Enchanted Vessel that was remotely controlled by someone.

“It is the Eye of the Sacred Temple from the Immortals’ Union. I am Ouyang Kong. Greetings, Your Highness!”

The person who replied to Su Ming was the Great Sect Elder from the Sect Elder Chamber rushing towards him from the distance. When he approached, he saw the dog-headed beast and Dao Fei Feng at the bow of the ship. His heart shuddered, but he averted his gaze and wrapped his fist to bow deeply towards Su Ming while he outside the battleship.

Su Ming nodded. His gaze landed on the huge eyeball, then he shifted his gaze downwards, and saw… the man named Bei. At the instant Su Ming recognized him, a surprised glint shone in his eyes.

‘Bei Ling…’
