# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1058

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Almost the moment Su Ming melted the Sun Destroying Lightning, gathered up the golden drop of blood from within and licked it with his tongue, the pupil of the huge eyeball above Beiling shrank and fixed its stare on him.

At the same time, the incredibly beautiful and aloof woman in white sitting in the large, floating palace above the gigantic cultivation planet formed by numerous planets far away from the galaxy where Su Ming was suddenly focused her eyes on him. She ignored all the scenes within the other balls of light and leveled her gaze on the third ball one. Within it was Su Ming with a look of surprise in his eyes.

She stared at Su Ming, then lifted her right hand to form a seal before swinging it to the side. Immediately, another ball of light appeared on her right hand. Within it was Su Ming’s image, and it was swiftly distorting. After a moment, all the scenes in Su Ming’s life immediately appeared within it, from the moment of his birth to the moment he stepped into the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

Of course, what she saw was not a reflection of the real Su Ming’s life, but that of Dao Kong.

“Dao Kong… one of the ten Great Dynasts. He stepped into the Barren Lands of Divine Essence around one thousand years ago,” the woman mumbled softly. Her voice was like one hundred bells chiming. It was very pleasant and melodious, but the freezing tone in it would make all those who heard it to feel as if there was a cold chill creeping up their bones.

“The Barren Lands of Divine Essence…” The woman frowned. This was not the first time the mystery behind the Sun Destroying Lightning had been cracked and the golden drop of lightning in it was revealed. In truth, during the many years of war, the Sun Destroying Lightning had been destroyed many times by those in Morning Dao Sect. The golden drop of blood had been taken out and used to nourish the soul.

Because of that, the woman in white was not too shocked by Su Ming cracking the mystery behind the Sun Destroying Lightning. She was just slightly surprised that it was done by Dao Kong.

The main reason for her frowning was not related to the Sun Destroying Lightning, but because of Dao Kong’s experiences in his life. She completely ignored the first half of his life, but what caught her attention the most were the last words—the Barren Lands of Divine Essence!

She stayed silent for a moment before raising her right hand and tapping the ball of light to her right. It instantly turned orange, and all of the things Dao Kong had experienced in his life were dyed orange. With that, she placed Dao Kong among people who were to be regarded with a high amount of attention in the Immortals’ Union.

“Slowly but surely, I’ll learn whether it’s him,” the woman in white said softly.

However, the moment she mumbled that, her expression changed in a manner that had never happened before. She stood up swiftly and her pupils shrank as she fixed her stare on the Su Ming in the third ball of light.

While the people had various expressions on their faces, Su Ming clenched his fist around the golden drop of blood. Thin threads appeared on his palm, and all of them crawled into the drop of blood. This was Su Ming taking a more in-depth analysis of the blood’s origin using the power of the Seed of Life Extermination after he had become suspicious.

As the power of the Seed of Life Extermination from Su Ming’s palm continued seeping into the golden drop of blood to swiftly analyse it, Su Ming’s expression changed. He sensed a presence he could not put to words, and it was ceaselessly spreading from that golden blood. That presence seemed to have been hidden in the Seed of Life Extermination all along and had just been awakened, having experienced a powerful stimulation. At the moment it spread out, a roar that could shake the sky and earth immediately rose in Su Ming’s heart.

As it echoed within him, even he was so shaken by the tremors that his mind went blank. Waves of mighty pressure descended on him, causing him to instantly feel as if he had lost all his power.

There was an ancient presence contained in that roar, along with an unfamiliar air that Su Ming had never sensed before. It was as if… it did not belong to this universe, and in fact, it felt as if it did not belong to the four Great True Worlds, much less… Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos!

Because at the moment that presence and roar echoed in Su Ming’s heart, endless ripples appeared out of nowhere in the galaxy around them. It was… the law of the universe descending on them. This law had no form, and as it spread out, it caused all the things in the galaxy to freeze. Flame Fiends’ Progenitor had been having fun being a wolf in sheep’s clothing as he fought in the galaxy above, but at that instant, he shuddered.

‘The will of the universe! This is the law of the universe taking the form of a will to descend here. Just… what sort of reason could possibly make the will of the universe to wake up from its slumber?!’

Su Ming’s heart trembled because the Seed of Life Extermination which had fused into his soul had erupted within him to fight against the presence from the golden blood, as if… the Seed of Life Extermination and the golden blood were natural archenemies. They were existences that countered each other.

Right then, the two presences were fighting against each other in Su Ming’s body, and the will of the universe born from the law chose to descend on them. If… Su Ming still did not understand what was going on, then he would not have been able to survive in Divine Essence Star Ocean up till that point.

The drop of blood… came from the arch enemy of Old Man Extermination’s affiliated camp—Saint Defier!

With a bang, the golden blood in Su Ming’s right hand evaporated, turning into blood fog that swiftly rose into the galaxy through the cracks between his fingers. A shrill screech spilled out from the fog and caused the galaxy in all directions to shake.

The golden fog instantly gathered together to turn into a large, golden mosquito in front of Su Ming. It was hideous, but there was an incredibly pure feeling of strength exuding from its body. This power seemed to refuse to comply to the trends in the universe and be suppressed by it.

At the instant it opened its mouth to roar in Su Ming’s direction, a mighty pressure instantly spread out, but its body also swiftly disintegrated like flowers that would wither after they had bloomed for one night at the moment the pressure spread out.

However, right when the golden mosquito disintegrated, a great suction force shot out from Su Ming. When the fog formed by the golden mosquito was about to scatter, that suction force swiftly absorbed all of it into Su Ming’s body, fusing it into him through every part of him.

That sequence of events was witnessed by all, and it shook the hearts of the tens of thousands of people in the land.

Only Su Ming himself knew that the huge golden mosquito had disappeared because the power of origin contained in the golden blood was too little and could not fight against Seed of Life Extermination. Once it was forcefully scattered, the devouring happened.

When the fog that was formed by the golden mosquito was devoured by Su Ming, cracking sounds immediately came from his body. The Seed of Life Extermination in his soul was originally just a fragment, but at that moment, it seemed as if it had absorbed nutrients and signs of growth appeared at its edges. It might have only grown slightly larger, but it was enough to show that with more nourishment, it could complete itself!

Su Ming’s eyes focused. When he raised his head, he moved forward, and he was so quick that he instantly appeared next to his target.

Beiling’s expression changed. He swiftly retreated. As he did so, he lifted his left hand to seize the longbow on his back. With the momentum, he drew the bowstring with his right hand, but at the instant he did so, Su Ming stopped rushing forward. Instead, he moved left and right, and two shrill screams of pain came at the same time from the mouths of the two people who had thrown the Sun Destroying Lightnings. Their bodies crumbled with a bang, but their storage bags were caught Su Ming. He then lifted his head and looked towards Beiling.

At that moment, a glint shone in Beiling’s eyes, and he let go of the bowstring in his right hand. The arrow he had placed earlier let out a buzz before it charged towards Su Ming. When it shot out, the arrow swayed in space before increasing to nearly one hundred thousand arrows. They looked like rain in the galaxy.

With a calm expression, Su Ming took a step forward and charged towards the rain of one hundred thousand arrows. As booming sounds reverberated in space, he shoved his way through. The arrows landed on his body, but all of them tumbled back with loud booms, unable to stop Su Ming for even a single moment or even injure him even in the slightest.

He took a step forward, and when his foot landed, he appeared beside Beiling. At the instant the other’s face turned pale, Su Ming casually patted his left hand and snatched the bow. With a swing, a powerful force swept up Beiling and flung him tens of thousands of feet away. When he coughed up blood, his eyes turned bloodshot.

“I’ll be taking this bow in exchange for your life.”

“This is just an ordinary bow! What’s the point of you taking it?!”

Beiling’s heart ached with pain. The bow held a special meaning to him, but he could only watch helplessly as it was snatched from his hands. He might be shocked by Su Ming’s power and could not accept it for a period of time, but once he finished speaking, he gritted his teeth and turned away. While he charged into the distance, he tore apart a jade slip, and his body instantly disappeared from the galaxy.

“It doesn’t belong to you,” Su Ming said softly. He flung the bow in his hand and put it away into the storage bag. At that instant, a powerful light suddenly shone from the giant eyeball above him. That light turned into a long blade that came slashing down at his head.

Su Ming lifted his right hand, and the Life Inequity Spear swiftly formed in it. Once he held it, he swept towards the incoming blade. At the instant they collided with a bang, the blade shattered into pieces. At the same time, the third eye shone at the center of Su Ming’s brows. It opened to a slit and stared at the huge eyeball. With it, the galaxy was magnified endlessly.

In the span of a breath, that eyeball turned into a mere illusion. When it was magnified time and again, Su Ming saw a woman in white sitting in a gigantic palace at the depths of the eyeball.

At the instant he saw the woman, her expression changed, and their gazes met.

When Su Ming her face clearly, mixed feelings rose in his heart, but not a single hint of it was shown on his face.

“Su Ming, you’re Su Ming!” At the instant the woman in white met his gaze, she suddenly spoke. Her voice echoed in the palace where she was, but it also reached Su Ming’s heart.

“Who is Su Ming? Could it be that he looks just like me? I am the Dynast Dao Kong from Morning Dao Sect!” A cold sneer appeared on Su Ming’s lips. He lifted his right hand with mercilessness, then threw the Life Inequity Spear at the huge eyeball.

With a bang, it pierced its target. The destructive power contained in it stirred up, and spread out into the distance, even reaching the palace. It might have been blocked by the invisible barrier, but it still made the palace tremble.

“So this is the Sacred Temple of the Immortals’ Union? Progenitor Huo Kui, show your power. In three breaths, slaughter all our enemies here for this disintegrating Eye of the Sacred Temple to see the sea of blood in this land!”

“I don’t need three breaths!” Flame Fiends’ Progenitor threw his head back and laughed while a boundless purple sea of fire spread out. In just two breaths, all the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union were reduced to ashes!

The woman in white took a few steps back in the palace above the planet. She fixed her stare on the sea of fire which belonged to Flame Fiends’ Progenitor in the third ball of light and on Su Ming’s face.

Some sort of thought had formed in her mind, and she started mumbling under her breath. “He… No, Su Ming wouldn’t be so ostentatious…”
