# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1059

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Eye of the Sacred Temple shattered to pieces. The pupil in it shrank before it scattered, then dispersed along with it was the Eye of the Sacred Temple’s huge body. They broke down with loud bangs.

The cultivators in the Immortals’ Union were reduced to ashes in the purple sea of fire. The cultivation bases of the dozens of them fighting fiercely against those from the War Chamber were dispersed by Flame Fiends’ Progenitor before they were buried in the sea of fire.

The difference in their levels of cultivation caused all of their struggles and counterattacks to be in vain.

However, while this battle might make it seem as if Morning Dao Sect was victorious, but if not counting in Su Ming and his entourage, there were only thousands of disciples from Morning Dao Sect left in the area. They were all looking at the battlefield with stupefied expressions. Gradually, they cast their gaze at Flame Fiends’ Progenitor, and great shock appeared on their faces. Then, when they looked towards Su Ming, that shock turned into astonishment. No one knew who was the first to react to the situation, but someone had immediately wrapped his fist in his palm to bow deeply to Su Ming.

“Greetings, Your Highness!”

“We welcome His Highness, Dynast Dao Kong!”

The voices were scattered at first, but then they turned into a wave of sound created by thousands of people shouting together. It reverberated in the sea of fire, echoing in the galaxy and lingering for a long period of time.

In the crowd were also the cultivators in Lunar Kalpa Realm who were originally fighting against the powerful warriors in the galaxy above. Ouyang Kong of the Sect Elder Chamber was also in the distance. All of them had their fists wrapped in their palms and were bowing deeply. No matter what level of cultivation they possessed, every single one of them was incredibly shocked, and they regarded Su Ming with utmost reverence.

He stared at the distant galaxy with dark light shining in his eyes before lowering his head and raising his right hand. Immediately, two storage bags appeared on his palm. When he scanned them with his Atman, he brought out two bolts of Sun Destroying Lightning from inside.

These were the only two bolts left.

While in contemplative silence, Su Ming did not immediately absorb them, but instead placed them back in the storage bags before turning around to return to his battleship. He then set up camp right outside the Relocation spot.

After all, some problems had arisen in this area, making it difficult to activate the Relocation Rune immediately. After about three days, light spread out from it, and only then did the news of the Relocation spots being attacked was made known to Morning Dao Sect. The connection between them was only restored at that moment.

“This time, the Immortals’ Union attacked nine Relocation spots. Besides our spot… Since the other eight spots could not form a connection with the galaxies beyond and could not send any messages, no reinforcements came to their aid when they were taken by surprise by the appearance of the Immortals’ Union… and because of that, all of them died,” Ouyang Kong said softly in front of Su Ming while on his battleship.

“Over the years, the army of the Immortals’ Union had continued conquering one region after another. Wherever they go, most of the races they visit become part of the union, and most of them have the intention to devour Morning Dao Sect in one go.

“And once in a while, treasures that have never appeared before in True Morning Dao World show up in the Immortals’ Union, such as the Sun Destroying Lightning. In fact, several decades have passed since then, and I’m certain that some other supreme treasure has already appeared in the Immortals’ Union,” Ouyang Kong said in a deep tone, sharing everything he knew with Su Ming.

“The Immortals’ Union has three different forces. One of them are the Immortals, the second is Phoenix Sect…” When he said this, Ouyang Kong instinctively cast a glance at Xu Hui, who was standing next to Su Ming.

“The third is the Council of Races. This is a temporary union formed by many races. Along with the other powers, they are known as the Immortals’ Union.

“Among them, the Sacred Temple is similar to the Sect Elder Chamber in Morning Dao Sect. They formulate war strategies and plan the distribution of resources, and was built by Phoenix Sect. Each battle has a different number of Eyes of the Sacred Temple, and usually, the commanders of the battles are from Phoenix Sect.

“Right now, the Sacred Lady of the Sacred Temple is the Sacred Lady from Phoenix Sect.

“The Council of Races is similar to the War Chamber. They are the ones who deploy the most soldiers in each battle.

“As for the Immortals, they are an incredibly mysterious existence in their union. They are different from the Immortals we were used to in the past. Right now, the Immortals’ territory has been completely locked down. No outsider can enter it.

“But every single time, most of the powerful warriors deployed during battle come from the Immortals. They seem to have mastered another method of cultivation, and their levels of cultivation have increased by leaps and bounds. The divine abilities they use are also rarely heard of.

“Such as… what the black-robed man the Immortals had sent three hundred years ago in a battle with more than one million people. That person was clearly not an Almighty, but he used a divine ability that turned the galaxy into a void, and the battlefield into a black hole. With blood as water, the battlefield in the galaxy was turned into a well.

“Our cultivators had the mark of a moon Branded at the center of their brows while in that well. Hundreds of thousands of people were forced to group together to form a gigantic moon. The black-robed man only gently lifted his hand after that, and as if he had scooped them out, he took away… hundreds of thousands of Nascent Divinities.

“If Progenitor Tai Shan had not rushed to the battlefield and used his great power to severely wound the black-robed man, then before the battle even started… we would have failed.

“But the price of severely wounding the black-robed man was that Progenitor Tai Shan was also heavily wounded. He had to return to Morning Dao Sect to isolate himself to recover.

“And then there was also a small-scale battle five hundred years ago. Morning Dao Sect had an extreme advantage at first, but at the instant the Immortals’ Union was almost wiped out, they sent out… a creature that all of us will never forget in our lives—a giant!

“That person… was hundreds of thousands of feet tall. There were seven planets spinning in a circle at the center of his brows. With just one punch…” A wary look appeared in Ouyang Kong’s eyes.

“That giant’s level of cultivation was clearly only at the later stage of World Plane Realm, but the power that erupted from him was as terrifying as that of the black-robed man. They were both similarly unbelievable, and they could only be suppressed by people with levels of cultivation that surpassed theirs by more than a couple times!” Ouyang Kong’s voice reverberated in space as he spoke. While listening to him, a fierce look appeared in Su Ming’s eyes.

“Your Highness, you must have already guessed the answer. The strange sights over the years allowed all of us to understand clearly that… there is a power that doesn’t belong to True Morning Dao World in the Immortals’ Union. In fact, it doesn’t belong to the forces from the four Great True Worlds. This power that descended among us gave the Immortals’ Union power to fight against Morning Dao Sect.

“Otherwise, how would a mere Immortals’ Union be able to remain even after one thousand years and even occupy half of the galaxy in our True World?” Ouyang Kong said bitterly.

“What about the True Progenitor?” Su Ming suddenly asked.

“The True Progenitor’s status is mysterious and transforms frequently. No one knows precisely who he is, but no one similar has appeared in the war up till now. Forget you, Your Highness, even us, from all races, are also in a state of anxiety and nervousness.

“Besides, Progenitor Dao Chen is still in isolation, not having come out once. The Almighties in Morning Dao Sect and all the powerful seniors haven’t appeared either, making all of us think… that perhaps there is some other secret that we don’t know of around.” As Ouyang Kong spoke, he looked towards Su Ming, as if he was hoping to obtain an answer from him.

Su Ming narrowed his eyes. He remembered how the golden mosquito and the Seed of Life Extermination in his body had countered each other as if they were mortal enemies. Old Man Extermination came from Dark Dawn, then the force that countered him and was him mortal enemy was naturally… from Saint Defier!

If that was the case, then there were plenty of questions in Su Ming’s heart that were answered.

The giant with the rotating planets at the center of his brows, the huge golden mosquito, and the black-robed man with the strange divine ability, along with those who had yet to appear but definitely existed… The power hidden behind all these creatures who descended in True Morning Dao World and were the reason why the Immortals’ Union could wage war… came from… the 180 Expanse Cosmoses from Saint Defier!

The battle between the 180 Expanse Cosmoses from Dark Dawn and the 180 Expanse Cosmoses from Saint Defier over Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos had already reached an intense state. Saint Defier’s camp had already descended, and if that was the case, then Dark Dawn’s camp… might have already arrived, but no one knew about it.

How could Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos hope to fight against those two huge powers? And how could True Morning Dao World hope to stand up against them? There had to be a great connection between this and why the True Progenitor had not appeared while the Almighties in Morning Dao Sect remained silent.

‘Dark Dawn has already appeared. The ancient will from Yin Death Region and everything that happened in the fifth ocean is proof enough that this is Dark Dawn’s power, isn’t it?’ Su Ming narrowed his eyes while thinking about it.

He closed his eyes then. He had a strong feeling that the war waged since one thousand years ago was just a start… the start for a battle that would cover the whole Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos.

The true battle of the Expanse Cosmos would spread out in an increasingly greater scale, and eventually, the flames of war would spread to the four Great True Worlds. They would burn the two remaining Ancient Kingdoms, and once they burned Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, they would decide whether Arid Triad Expanse Heaven would belong to Dark Dawn or Saint Defier!

When Su Ming opened his eyes, the flames of wild ambition were hidden in them. Those flames were invisible, but they burned his body, his soul, and while they might seem naive and perhaps a little beyond his ability, they became a resolve in Su Ming’s heart.

‘Perhaps it will not belong to Dark Dawn or Saint Defier, but will belong to…’ Su Ming did not continue that thought, but the flames of determination in his heart had already risen to a point that they were crackling even louder than before.

“This time, the attack from the Immortals’ Union caused each Relocation spot to lose its ability to send messages. If Morning Dao Sect doesn’t think of a solution soon… then I am certain that multiple battles will be waged in the True World in the near future!

“Your Highness, when you return to the sect, then with your status, please relay my worries to the Sect Elder Chamber… My race is still within Morning Dao Sect’s jurisdiction, and I don’t want for there to be a day… when the Immortals’ Union will conquer Morning Dao Sect’s current territory, then offer up the blood of my people as a sacrifice.” Ouyang Kong wrapped his fist in his palm towards Su Ming, then bowed deeply to him again.

“I will do it.” Su Ming’s gaze landed on Ouyang Kong, then shifted to look at the galaxy. In his heart, he murmured aloof words that no one could hear.

‘If there was no destruction, then from where would new life come?’
