# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1060

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Within True Morning Dao World was Morning Dao Sect, which was situated in a spot that did not belong to the universe but had been opened up in another dimension by True Morning Dao World. There was an altar in that place. On it was a dimension that looked as if it wanted to tear through the galaxy, and within it was a world that was isolated from the universe.

In this land lived True Morning Dao World’s Kalpa Lord. It was the isolation grounds which belonged to Progenitor Dao Chen. Within the indistinct light inside was a man whose back was the only thing visible. The same words as those in Su Ming’s heart also came from his mouth.

“If there was no destruction, then from where would new life come?”

He did not say it because he knew what Su Ming had thought. It had absolutely nothing to do with Su Ming, but instead, it was because of a gigantic galactical map that lay before him.

That galactical map showed True Morning Dao Sect’s territories. Half of them had turned crimson, and that color symbolized the Immortals’ Union. In the depths of the crimson region was a pillar of light that descended from above. It stood vertically in the region which belonged to the Immortals’ Union, and it was incredibly distinct.

“When Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos is destroyed, the day for my race’s rise to power will arrive.” Even when the person murmured those words in a deep voice, he sat still, as if his body had grown rigid.

…..

Su Ming, his group, and the hundreds of battleships slowly moved towards the Relocation Rune under the gazes of Ouyang Kong and his thousands of cultivators. Through the Rune, they could head to Morning Dao Sect.

The trip had lasted for about a month. Ever since Su Ming had stepped into True Morning Dao World, he had cut down Dao Fei Feng and also shone with a brilliant radiance through his acts while he was in the place. He killed a large number of cultivators from the Immortals’ Union, and when the Relocation Rune was restored, Ouyang Kong sent word of it to Morning Dao Sect, so many people learned about it.

Dao Kong’s name had faded away from many people’s memories around one thousand years ago after he entered the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. But when that name resurfaced, there was a bloody stench surrounding it, along with a murderous aura that could not be ignored.

Dao Kong had killed Dao Fei Feng. This might not be the first internal fight among the direct descendants, but it was usually done in the dark. No one dared kill one of their own so blatantly, but not only did Dao Kong do it, he also hung Dao Fei Feng’s corpse at the bow of his ship. The shock brought by this scene was incredibly great.

This was also an unspoken threat to all the direct descendants in Morning Dao Sect.

‘Don’t provoke me!’

If there was anyone who provoked or challenged him, they would end up like Dao Fei Feng.

This frightening aura filled the air, causing many people to etch the name into their minds during the past few days, even if plenty of them had never met Dao Kong and their memories of him were vague.

If he had only killed Dao Fei Feng, then only the direct descendants would have paid a lot of attention to him; he would not have been able to catch the attention of the other disciples in Morning Dao Sect. After all, to the huge Morning Dao Sect, the direct descendants were really just a small portion of their population. The disciples from the other races made up most of the sect, which was why the internal matters of the direct descendants in Morning Dao Sect were seen as having nothing to do with them.

But Su Ming’s fight at the Relocation spot and his act of killing a large number of cultivators from the Immortals’ Union along with him destroying one of the Eyes of the Sacred Temple caused his reputation to instantly increase by leaps and bounds, especially when most of the other direct descendants hadn’t built a reputation for themselves as of then.

Su Ming’s action had made many people remember Dao Kong’s name.

In truth, even before he returned to Morning Dao Sect, there had already been quite a number of people who looked forward to his coming back.

The elderly with high statuses and great power in Morning Dao Sect were mostly indifferent to Dao Kong… but the information from Ouyang Kong told them that there was an Almighty by Dao Kong’s side, acting as his follower.

This matter instantly stirred up a storm in Morning Dao Sect. Most people might not know about such a commotion, since it was controlled and restricted to a certain region, but it was enough for all those who knew about it to shiver.

Moreover, that Almighty was not from Morning Dao Sect. Clearly, Dao Kong had run into him in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. The fact that he could make an Almighty become his follower willingly was enough to show how fortunate and how skillful he was.

Then, when they combined all these factors along with Dao Kong’s status as a Dynast, it led to a large number of cultivators gathering in a particular Relocation spot when Morning Dao Sect activated the Rune from within after they had notified all the people on the other side that Dao Kong could return.

There were some direct descendants among the cultivators, but most of them were ordinary disciples. There were also some informants sent by the old monsters who usually did not care about the matters in the universe. Then there were the people who showed incredible interest towards Dao Kong, along with some who came to see Flame Fiends’ Progenitor beside him.

Regardless of purpose, there were nearly ten thousand people gathered around the Relocation spot at that moment. Their gazes were all fixed on the place shining with a dazzling light while it rotated with loud bangs while they waiting for Su Ming and his entourage to appear.

“I wonder what Dao Kong looks like. I seem to remember that I saw him before, but it’s been a long time since then, and my memory of him is slightly faded.”

“I still remember him, kind of. He’s a direct descendant with an incredibly great potential in Morning Dao Sect. There’re also people who say that he has True Morning Dao Sect’s kismet on him.”

“That’s right. He was sent to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence around one thousand years ago, and now he killed Dao Fei Feng and massacred tens of thousands of cultivators from the Immortals’ Union upon his return. It’s enough to see that he had obtained plenty of experience when he was in the barren lands.”

“Hmph. It doesn’t matter whether he killed Dao Fei Feng in battle or slaughtered those cultivators from the Immortals’ Union. Don’t forget that he didn’t do it on his own; it’s the work of his follower!”

“That’s also logical. There are people who met him on the way, and they say that he doesn’t have a really high level of cultivation. He seems to only be at about the initial stage of World Plane Realm.”

As the near ten thousand people waited, they discussed among themselves in whispers, which sounded like a buzz from afar.

“Interesting. This Dao Kong is the only one missing from the ten Great Dynasts right now. The others have all returned. Look around you, there are direct descendants who are on good terms with three of the Dynasts. It’s clear that they are here to see whether this Dao Kong lives up to his name.”

“And there are also quite a number of people from the Sect Elder Chamber as well.”

There were three people of note who stood in different spots in the crowd. Many cultivators surrounded them in silence. Based on their expressions, those cultivators were clearly followers, but even so, their levels of cultivation were nothing ordinary. Even the weakest among them was in the middle stage of World Plane Realm. As for the powerful ones, there were even those who had attained great completion in World Plane Realm.

The three people appeared to be middle-aged. They had cold and aloof expressions while they stared intently at the Relocation Rune. The three of them came from three different Dynasts, and just as the other people had said, they had come to see whether Dao Kong lived up to his name.

The light from the Relocation Rune shone even brighter. Gradually, vague shadows appeared within it. They slowly gained corporeal form, and all the cultivators in the area understood what it meant—Dao Kong of the ten Great Dynasts was about to arrive.

The sounds of discussion in the area slowly calmed down. At the instant all the people’s gazes were gathered on the Relocation Rune, ripples spread out from the galaxy in the distance. A long arc could be seen charging forward.

At first glance, it was in the distance, but when the group lifted their heads to look, their expressions instantly turned into one of respect. Even the three direct descendants who were on good terms with their respective Dynasts lowered their heads, wrapped their fists in their palms, and bowed.

“Greetings, Senior Tai Shan.”

“Greetings, Senior Tai Shan.”

The voices of nearly ten thousand people rose and fell. Above them, the long arc turned into an old man. There was a thin and frail teenager beside him. That teenager had a face as white as snow, clean and elegant. However, that teenager looked rather sickly and had her head lowered, looking like she didn’t want to speak.

The teenager did not have an Adam’s apple on the neck, making it clear that she was a girl, but because she was too thin and frail, her feminine features weren’t very clear.

As for the old man, he had a head full of long hair. With a calm expression, he stood in midair and nodded towards the crowd before he cast his gaze on the Relocation Rune.

The people immediately started discussing among themselves quietly.

“Senior Tai Shan actually came?”

“Could this Dao Kong have some sort of connection with Senior Tai Shan? Otherwise, with his status, he wouldn’t have come here.”

There were some people in the crowd who had learned that Su Ming had an Almighty acting as his follower through their own methods. All of them speculated that this was the reason behind why Tai Shan had come.

Gradually, the light from the Relocation Rune grew brighter. The crowd calmed down again, and their gazes gathered on the light. A few breaths passed, and in about the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn, the light from the Relocation Rune suddenly reached a piercing degree. At the instant it became blinding to the eyes, all the cultivators in the area immediately knew… that Dao Kong had arrived!

With a bang, the tip of a battleship was the first to appear from within the Relocation Rune. As it came out slowly, the battleship was fully revealed before the crowd’s eyes. It flew out, and at the instant it floated in midair, the hundreds of cultivators dressed in black armor standing on it immediately stood up and knelt down on one knee in the direction of the Relocation Rune. They did not speak a word, but the grim presence from their bodies instantly filled the whole area.

That grim presence was naturally formed after those cultivators had went through the trials in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

They were in the first battleship, and the instant it showed up, some of the cultivators in the area focused their gazes on it and scrutinized it.

But there were still many people who had indifferent expressions on their faces, not at all shocked by the grim presence. After all, there were plenty of people who had killed to a monstrous degree during the past one thousand years of war between Morning Dao Sect and the Immortals’ Union.

Boom!

The second battleship appeared from within the Relocation Rune. Then came the third, the fourth… and hundreds of battleships came out, filling up up the area. The near ten thousand cultivators on them knelt in worship. Their expressions were filled with fervent zeal, and a thick, grim presence came from their bodies.

This scene affected the onlookers’ emotions. Gradually, their emotions were stirred up, causing different lights to appear in their eyes. At that moment, a shocking boom reverberated in the air, and the bow of a gigantic battleship came from within the Relocation Rune.

At the instant the crowd’s gazes landed on its bow, the sound of sharp intake of breath instantly rolled through the crowd, because everyone saw Dao Fei Feng’s corpse, and behind him the dog-headed beast’s carcass!

There were times when knowing about something was a different matter from seeing it with one’s own eyes. At that moment, it was the case for the cultivators in the area. They could sense an arrogance from that ship with the two dead bodies hung at its bow for all to see.

They also sensed a threat aimed against all those who were hostile towards the owner of the ship. A powerful killing intent was contained in that very blatant threat.
