# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1065

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The silver light spread in all directions. The eyes of the thin Ma Fei tens of thousands of feet away widened at that moment. She had grown up in Morning Dao Sect, and while she might appear obedient and quiet beside her Master, she was in truth a very popular figure among the younger generation of Morning Dao Sect. Through her Master, she also got to know plenty of secrets other people did not know.

One of them was the Blood-Soul Fusion which she was seeing at that moment. Not a single accident or secret could be hidden from its view, since the elders had used three of the Morning Dao Blood Pearls the Progenitor had left behind to test the fusion level of the blood and soul on a fellow family member, and especially so when the test was directed by the three Sect Masters.

The Blood-Soul Fusion could detect whether a person had been Possessed and whether there was another soul in the body. After all, the soul and blood complemented each other. If there was a difference in them, then there would be hints of it even if they had fused within together. No perfect fusion existed, and it could be seen how much a person’s soul and blood had fused together based on how thick the light which would shine from them would be. It would also allow for other to learn if the person tested was who they said they were.

The blood had to that of the direct descendants from Morning Dao Sect. This was the foundation of the test. If a person did not possess Dao Chen’s blood, they would not be able to stimulate the three Dao Chen Blood Pearls to shine with a radiant blood-red light. Second came the soul. It had to have a high fusion rate with the blood to make the three blood-red pearls to shine with an even denser red light.

The denser the red light was, the closer to perfect was the fusion between the soul and the blood. When that level of fusion reached a certain level, a change would occur. This change was known as a reversion to ancestral roots, and this Blood-Soul Fusion could make silver light shine from the blood red pearls!

This was why Ma Fei had sucked in that breath. She knew that it was incredibly rare for the silver light to appear during the Blood-Soul Fusion test in Morning Dao Sect.

Almost at the instant the silver light shine, three people flew out from the three towers acting as the Sect Elder Chamber. All of them were old men dressed in ancient Daoist robes. They had solemn expressions on their faces.

Once they flew out, they stood in midair and stared at the three blood-red pearls shining with silver light above Su Ming’s head.

One of the old men had a slightly tan face. He was frowning at that moment.

The other two were much calmer. There was even one of them who had a faint smile on his lips while nodding at Su Ming.

His blood was Dao Chen’s blood, and his soul belonged to the direct descendants from Morning Dao Sect. The fusion between his soul and blood exceeded perfection and reached a level where it reverted to his ancestral roots. All of these were displayed incredibly clearly before the three Sect Masters’ eyes.

“I still have a question. Why do the records state that the density of the light was high when you went through the Blood-Soul Fusion test after you were born, but you were far from reaching the state of reverting to your ancestral roots?” the old man with the tan face suddenly asked.

“As he becomes an adult and runs into some serendipitous events, the fusion between his soul and blood can become higher. There is nothing for us to suspect about this,” the old man who had smiled said faintly. He was the person with the gentle voice.

“Oh, then why is it so unclear among our other family members, but so distinct on this person?!” The tanned old man snorted coldly. Just as he was about to continue speaking, a brilliant shine appeared in Su Ming’s eyes.

“Sect Master… in regards to this, I have a question as well. Why is it that the other family members you spoke of were not chosen to be part of the ten Great Dynasts, but I was chosen? If you can provide an explanation to me about this, then I will offer an explanation to you.” Su Ming’s words were blunt and straightforward.

“The candidates for the ten Great Dynasts aren’t decided by the Sect Masters. The orders of Progenitor Dao Chen determine your statuses. I cannot offer an explanation to you regarding this, but I am a Sect Master. Even if you are a Dynast, you haven’t been truly made one. If I want you to give me the answer, then you must provide me with a satisfactory answer. You are not allowed to refuse,” the tanned old man said coldly while swinging his arm.

Su Ming stared at the tanned old man before suddenly smiling. His smile spread through his face. As it turned aloof, it gave rise to an expression that seldom appeared on Su Ming’s face—arrogance.

At the instant it showed up, Su Ming no longer suppressed the reaction formed by the connection between his blood, soul, and the blood-red pearls. Immediately, booming sounds rang out from within his body, and dense blood-red light burst forth from his body. Once it was completely absorbed by the pearls, the silver light grew so strong that it didn’t seem like there could be an end to it.

At the instant the silver light dyed the world, the color of the three blood-red pearls suddenly changed again. This time, the light turned into such that caused all the people in the land sucked in a sharp breath—gold!

The golden light spread out and enveloped the land as well as the entire sky over the third continent, dyeing it gold and making all the people on the other continents to look over in disbelief.

It was especially so for the people on the ninety-nine continents beneath them. All those who raised their heads could see clearly that a golden light akin to sunlight had erupted from the third continent far above them.

“Red is perfection, silver is a reversion to ancestral roots, and gold… is surpassing ancestral roots! Who… Who is going through the Blood-Soul Fusion test? How could that person reach such a state? This is impossible, this is…”

Among the countless mountains, cave abodes, and numerous cities on the other eight continents were members of Morning Dao Sect. At that moment, all of them walked out to look towards the golden light shining over the third continent.

“Over the course of numerous years, no one has ever had golden light when they went through the Blood-Soul Fusion test in Morning Dao Sect. The golden light symbolizing surpassing ancestral roots is just a legend, but now, this… this is…”

“Once the golden light symbolizing someone surpassing ancestral roots appears, the entire world must worship the person. This is a teaching from our ancestors!”

Uproars rose and fell in the other eight continents. Compared to them, the noise in the ninety-nine continents beneath them was so great that it caused booming waves of sound to spread in all directions. The other nine Dynasts swiftly walked out of their chambers and stared at the sky. They could sense an incredibly great threat from that golden light.

“Who is it? Who is it?!”

“Is it Dao Kong? He is the only person in the Sect Elder Chamber right now!”

“It can’t be him. It’s impossible for it to be him. If it’s really him, then since he has the golden light from the Blood-Soul Fusion test… What right do we have to fight against him?!”

On the fifty-sixth continent among the ninety-nine was an incredibly lavish palace. The man who had previously made arrangements for Dao Fei Xian to test Su Ming had an incredibly sullen expression at that moment while standing outside the palace and staring at the golden light from the third continent in the plane above him. His expression distorted. When he clenched his right fist, veins popped up on the back of his hand.

‘There’s a high chance that it’s that Dao Kong. The Sect Elder Chamber would only cast the Blood-Soul Fusion test so suddenly only for him. Grandfather must have wanted to intimidate Dao Kong, so that’s why this happened.

‘But… damn it, why does he have the golden light?! How could he have the golden light?!’

The man unfurled his fist. With a bang, the lavish palace behind him collapsed. When it shattered, it was reduced to countless pieces that tumbled backwards, at his servants who had slightly weaker levels of cultivation and were standing outside the palace. All of them were reduced to bloody mess amid the rubble.

“Make arrangements. Send the Five-Colored Stone as a gift to Senior Lin Luo and ask him to attack!”

When the middle-aged man mentioned the Five-Colored Stone, he felt pain in his heart. But a glint appeared in his eyes, and he lifted his right hand, in which a jade slip appeared. He furled his hand tightly, and his divine thought was instantly Branded inside it. With a fling of his arm, the jade slip split into eight parts before spreading out to charge towards the other Dynasts—all besides Su Ming—who had equal status and who were located in different spots on the ninety-nine continents.

At the same time, on a continent covered in an ocean which was Dao Kong’s homeland, an excited look appeared on Xu Hui’s face when she saw the golden, sun-like light from the third continent. As she stared at it, she was certain that it was due to Su Ming.

Even though she did not know how Su Ming managed to do it, but the appearance of the golden light would chase away all the fog of doubt. From then on, no one would question his bloodline.

From the moment Su Ming became a Dynast, the nine old Frail Dynasts, the direct descendants in the land belonging to Dao Kong’s family, and all the other cultivators from the other races already had their fates tied to him, so at that moment, they were also incredibly excited.

If the continents below were already in a state of extreme excitement, then it would be even more so for the third continent. The thin Ma Fei was flabbergasted, and her mind was blank. Her body had also turned gold due to the light dyeing it in such a color.

The three Sect Masters, including the tanned old man, were also stunned to their feet by the golden light surging into the sky from the blood-red pearls above Su Ming at that moment, even if they had extraordinary power.

It was especially so for the tanned old man. Disbelief had appeared on his face. As his expression changed, he found himself unable to accept what he was seeing. No matter what, he would have never been able to guess that the fusion between Dao Kong’s blood and soul might be so perfect that… it reached such an unimaginable and almost unprecedented state.

“Now, do I still need to explain myself to you?” With a placid expression, Su Ming sensed his blood boiling.

The tanned old man’s expression changed. He sucked in a deep breath, and a complicated look settled on his face.

All his suspicions, his guesses, and his doubts had disappeared without a trace at the instant the golden light spread out. If anyone still wanted to suspect Dao Kong to have been Possessed, then it would be the same as suspecting that Morning Dao Sect’s Progenitor Dao Chen had been Possessed. This would then add another speculation—the person who Possessed Progenitor Dao Chen had a blood connection with Dao Kong, or else this scene would not have appeared, that was why… no one would dare to suspect him, and no one would dare to doubt him. They simply couldn’t do it!

“I remember that there is a teaching from our ancestors in Morning Dao Sect,” Su Ming stated flatly, and his gaze landed on the tanned old man.

“Greetings, Your Highness!”

The two old men beside the tanned one had excitement on their faces at that moment. They were certain that Su Ming was a direct descendant of Morning Dao Sect, and he was also the future hope of Morning Dao Sect. Even if their levels of cultivation were high, they still obeyed the teachings from their ancestors and wrapped their fists in their palms to bow towards Su Ming.

“Greetings… Your Highness!” The tanned old man hesitated for a moment before he lowered his head and wrapped his fist in his palm to bow towards Su Ming as well.

Su Ming let his eyelids fall slightly. Several breaths later, he opened them. Immediately, booming sounds rang out around him. The triangular lightning Rune shattered, and he walked out in a relaxed manner.
