# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1067

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Time trickled by slowly. One day, two day, three days.

During the morning of the third day, a solemn bell toll reverberated through all the continents of the four planes in Morning Dao Sect—the 9,999 continents in the fourth plane, the 999 continents in the third plane, the ninety-nine continents in the second plane, and the nine continents in the first plane. At that moment, a bell toll echoed in through air of the highest plane.

The bell tolled ninety-nine times. It signified the peak of all numbers as well as the start of the Anointment Ceremony which was the center of attention for all disciples in Morning Dao Sect.

The ceremony would last for some time, and during it, besides the War Chamber which remained in the galaxy beyond to prevent the Immortals’ Union from invading their world, all other disciples would rush back to Morning Dao Sect through the Relocation spots to attend the Anointment Ceremony.

The place where the ceremony was held was the center of the nine continents of the upper plane. On the day the ceremony started to the day it ended, all barriers around the nine continents in the upper plane would be taken down, allowing all disciples to gain access to the place. In fact, they could even join the ceremony.

At the end of the Anointment Ceremony, the ten Great Dynasts would go through various challenges and trials. In the end, when they were truly made Dynasts, the representatives from the other three Great True Worlds would come to bear witness to Morning Dao Sect’s ten Great Heirs. There would be plenty of messengers from the other three Great True Worlds, and they would all be outstanding people.

In fact, based on tradition, there would even be a competition between the heirs of the four Great True Worlds. This would be the liveliest event in many years within True Morning Dao World, and it would be an incredibly grand ceremony.

When morning arrived and the bell tolls rang out, loud booms came from each continent. They shook the sky and earth, causing the universe to seem to tremble under the sound. Sound waves crashed against the surface of the sea within Dao Ocean, Morning Dao Sect’s forbidden grounds, as well as rising into the nine heavens.

Fusing with those sounds were the drums which were one hundred feet big being struck on all 9,999 continents of the fourth plane.

There were also sounds coming from 999 large drums located on the continents in the third plane. These drums were one thousand feet big and would only make sound when one hundred people surrounded them and struck one at the same time.

Ten thousand feet tall drums roared from the ninety-nine continents in the second plane. As the drumming and the bell tolls fused together, countless cultivators prepared to depart on each of the continents in Morning Dao Sect. They were all waiting for the ceremony to start.

After a moment, as the sound of the drums reached a state when it could shake the sky and earth, an old, awe-inspiring voice came from the air above and reverberated through the whole world.

“Cultivators do not need any form of extravagance in anything, even if it is an Anointment Ceremony. We only need to do things in a dignified manner! The disciples from other races form the foundation of Morning Dao Sect, and we cannot have them lacking, which is why the first batch of the people who can come here… are the disciples from the other races in the 9,999 continents in the fourth plane as well as those in the 999 continents from the third plane!”

As that voice echoed in the air, the drums rumbled once again. Long arcs flew up from the 9,999 continents and 999 continents in the fourth and third plane to charge towards the center of the nine continents in the first plane.

There were countless long arcs, and anyone standing within Morning Dao Sect could see them cover the sky. They were innumerable. When anyone cast their gaze over them, they seem like raindrops rising from the ground, making it seem as if the world had been turned upside down.

One hundred thousand… one million… up to ten million long arcs appeared at the same time in the sky. It was a shocking sight that most people would not be able to see in their lives. At that moment, it was as if the world was about to be torn apart, as if the universe was about to topple over. With an astonishing momentum, ten million long arcs stirred up a violent gust of wind as they charged forward as if they could crush all forms of law.

The long arcs moved swiftly past the ninety-nine continents in the second plane and rushed to the place at the center of the nine continents in the first plane.

Wherever they went, the ninety-nine continents in the second plane would tremble, and it caused the ocean in Dao Kong’s continent to tumble about. Violent gusts of wind from all directions swept past violently and stirred up a momentum that was as great as tidal waves. It was difficult to describe such a scene with words.

All of this was enough to shock all those who saw it.

This kind of event was Morning Dao Sect’s show of respect to the disciples from the other races. They could also let the direct descendants of the sect know through it that even if they were direct descendants and even Dynasts, they still had to value the disciples from the other races.

Because they were the foundation!

Once the ten million long arcs charged over, the commotion gradually died down. When the booming slowly calmed and the ten million cultivators reached the center of the nine continents in the first plane, the old, awe-inspiring voice spoke once more.

“The next to enter would be the members of the branch families. Your ancestors are from the Immortals, and your people have given up everything for Morning Dao Sect. As for you, you will naturally receive Morning Dao Sect’s protection, but I believe that some among you in will surpass your ancestors and stimulate your bloodlines… so that you will become direct descendants!”

At the instant that voice echoed in the air, cultivators from the ninety-nine continents in the second plane flew up. Their numbers were much fewer; there was only about one million of them. As they rose up, they charged through to the center of the nine continents. They possessed varying levels of cultivation, and while the momentum of the violent gust of wind they stirred up was not as great as the one caused by the ten million disciples from the other races, their presence was still shocking.

“The ones who will step in next are the direct descendants of Morning Dao Sect. You are direct descendants because your ancestors are all in the Council of Sect Masters. As long as they are around, their bloodline will remain. However… if you are arrogant because of this and do not move forward, then when the day comes and your ancestor either dies in battle or passes away of old age, you will be reduced to a branch family and will lose your right to be proud.”

The awe-inspiring tone in the old voice was incredibly great at that moment. In fact, there was a hint of intimidation within it, and the hearts of most direct descendants trembled. Then, they immediately rose into the air, and with all their power, they brought forth the most dazzling presence they could muster. Long arcs of tens of thousands of people flew up from the ninety-nine continents.

The hundreds of direct descendants from the continent which belonged to Dao Kong also erupted with all their power. In the midst of the loud bangs, tens of thousands of people sliced through the air and charged towards the spot at the center of the nine continents in the first plane.

“The last to come forth will be the ten heirs who are to be anointed this time, the ten Great Dynasts of Morning Dao Sect! But you must remember, you are now only quasi Dynasts, not true Dynasts. You must all face challenges, and if you fails in them, they will lose your right to be a quasi Dynast. Any disciple who wins against you will be able to obtain your status!

“Even if that disciple belongs to another race or one of the branch families, as long as they win against you, they can take everything that belongs to you!

“Even if you manage to persevere through the challenges, you must still go through the trials. If you fail during the trials, you will lose your right to be a Dynast. If nine of you fail and only one remains, that one will be the sole Dynast. And if one of you fails while the other nine remain, then there will be nine Great Dynasts in Morning Dao Sect!

“If all of you fail, then we will choose ten other people to become Dynasts and go through the same challenges and trials. So… you must value your current status!

“Ten Great Dynasts, come forth!” the old voice said in an sterner tone. The level of severity in his words surpassed that which was used for the direct descendants just moments ago. As the words echoed in the air, several long arcs flew up from the ground.

Su Ming lifted his head to stare above himself. With a calm expression on his face, he walked towards the sky. When he cast his gaze across the area, he saw only nine other arcs!

As they approached the spot between the nine continents in the first plane, they gradually saw each other. In an instant, Su Ming sensed the other nine looking towards him.

All of them were men, and most of them appeared to be middle-aged, but it was impossible to discern their real ages based on their physical appearances.

They were staring at Su Ming, and he was staring back at them. A glint appeared in their eyes before they averted their gazes. The ten people then turned into long arcs and rushed upwards.

The competition had already started in an unseen manner. From another point of view, whoever was the fastest would be the one with the highest level of cultivation, and whoever was the slowest would give the impression of being the weakest, even though this was not absolute. That person would usually be the one who would be the main pick for the other disciples who would challenge them.

The candidates for the ten Great Dynasts were all chosen by Progenitor Dao Chen, but even though they had been chosen, there were plenty of powerful warriors among the direct descendants, people from the branch families, and the vast pool of disciples from the other races. There would be no one who would truly accept a simple choosing from above, and it was the reason why when they looked towards Su Ming and the other nine, their gazes were filled with hostility.

Those who replaced them would make a name for themselves in Morning Dao Sect and become Dynasts worshiped by hundreds of millions of people. To the direct descendants, even if they could not become the master of True Morning Dao World in the end, it would be enough glory. Because of that, they were incredibly excited and agitated before the challenge. After all, it might be the one and only time when they could truly snatch such a glory without being restricted by their blood.

That was why when the ten Dynasts flew up, the hundred million cultivators in the air cast their gazes on them. Quite a number of them looked towards Su Ming. After all, compared to the other nine, he was more mysterious and rather unfamiliar.

The ten quasi Dynasts of Morning Dao Sect charged forward. Even though they did not bring out their full power, they still used an incredibly fast speed to instantly dash to the center of the nine continents.

One of the three who were the fastest was the middle-aged man who had made arrangements for Dao Fei Xian to test Su Ming.

Upon noticing him, a barely noticeable glint shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He lifted his foot, and with a single move, a loud bang rang out around him. It was loud as a sonic boom, and fog appeared around him. It looked as if it had swept up his body, and his speed increased in an instant. When his foot landed, he had already overtaken the three at the front. When he took another step forward, he reached the center of the nine continents in the first plane.

What Su Ming wanted was a show of arrogance and intimidation, which was why he did not conceal his speed. He did not show all he had, but that was because he did not need to be extremely fast, just faster than the other nine.

Booming sounds echoed in the air, and the other people arrived one after another at the center.

“All ten of you, go to your spots immediately. The first part of the Anointment Ceremony shall begin! All those who challenge the Dynasts will not have their survivals accounted for!” the old voice stated straight away. This time, there was a grim and cold tone to it.
