# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1069

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

As Su Ming frowned, a person appeared on his platform. At the same time, most of the other Dynasts were sent their challengers as well. Only… two platforms were completely empty of challengers from Morning Dao Sect.

One of the Dynasts standing on the two empty platforms was a young man who had an aloof expression on his face. A freezing aura spread out from his body, and it seemed to have frozen the air around him. There was also a mark of a snowflake at the center of his brows.

There were no challengers on his platform.

There was another platform which was empty of challengers, too. On it stood a middle-aged man. His face was rather pale, as if he was sick. He was smiling while he sat cross-legged, and he had an indifferent expression on his face. In his hand was a blue ball of light shining with a gentle light. He gave off a completely different feeling from the young man, but still, no one challenged him.

Su Ming’s expression was dark. If anyone was in his place, then having seven million people challenging them right from the start would be equivalent to them issuing him a challenge letter. Seven million challenges was equivalent to seven-tenths of the people in the place.

It was especially frown-worthy when Su Ming saw… the man who appeared on his lotus platform throw his head back and laugh the moment he appeared. There was an arrogant and smug undercurrent to his laughter, and he even had the gall to not first look at Su Ming. Instead, he turned around to look at the crowd behind him, then wrapped his fist in his palm to them before speaking up with excitement.

“My fellow sect members, thank you for modestly declining your right to challenge him and letting me have the fortune of becoming the first challenger in this place. Now, allow me to see just how good is this Dao Kong!”

The next moment, the man became the center of attention, and he stood out even more than Su Ming. As he laughed, he turned his head around, and with a ferocious smile, he looked at his opponent. A hint of greed appeared in his eyes, and when he lifted his right leg, he stepped forward to move towards Su Ming.

At that instant, a screen of light immediately rose at the edges of the lotus platform. It immediately separated the platform from the world around it, preventing the people there from seeing what was happening inside.

Because of it, since the others could not see what was going on inside, they would also be unable to know what transpired in the battle.

When the screen of light appeared, Su Ming swept his gaze across it. He was completely unbothered by the incoming man. A loud bang rose from the that person’s body, and the power belonging to those in the middle stage of World Plane Realm instantly erupted from within him. This power went out in all directions and stirred up a whirlwind that swept through the whole area.

A glint appeared in the man’s eyes. He raised his right hand and formed a seal. In an instant, the whirlwind beside him shrank to form a gigantic wind blade in front of him. As it roared, it looked as if it was about to slice apart air along with Su Ming. At the same time, the man took a step forward.

At that moment, shrill screams of pain came from the areas hidden by the screens of light. They were the final cries of several challengers before they were killed.

Su Ming frowned. He did not even look at the howling wind blade as it came towards him. When he lifted his right hand, he swung it forward. With it, the incoming wind blade shuddered before instantly collapsing. It shattered into several parts, but it did not dissipate. Instead, it tumbled backwards with a bang, and as the man was momentarily taken aback, the fragments of the wind blade tumbled back towards him at several times their original speed. The man’s expression instantly changed, and a shrill scream of pain left his lips. His body was blown into midair before he was thrown out of the screen of light and torn into pieces. His blood instantly spilled all over the place.

When Su Ming took care of his first challenger, the other lotus platforms were also silent. Blood was spilled all around the area. The souls and bodies of all the challengers had been destroyed just like that.

However, almost at the instant the lotus platforms became empty of challengers, other people took the place of the fallen.

This time, the person who appeared on Su Ming’s platform was an old man. The moment he showed up, he narrowed his eyes. With one move, his figure distorted and disappeared without a trace.

Su Ming’s expression remained the same. There was not a single change on his face. It did not matter to him whether the other disappeared or not. He only lifted his right leg, and once he placed it back down on the platform, a loud bang shot up. The space hundreds of thousands of feet around the lotus platform instantly froze. The old man’s figure immediately appeared one thousand feet away from Su Ming’s right, but he was kept in place tightly, and the pressure from the space around him pressed on him so strongly that he looked as if he had been frozen.

His face was filled with shock. When disbelief took over his expression, Su Ming turned his head around to cast a glance at him. He lifted his right hand and seized the air in his direction. The old man’s body instantly charged towards Su Ming against his will. Su Ming then seized his neck, and in an aloof manner, he crushed it.

His attitude towards challengers was to kill all of them. As long as they dared challenge him, they would end up dead. He had never any fondness towards Morning Dao Sect to begin with, and since he was given a chance to kill its people in such a straightforward manner, he would naturally not be merciful.

The old man’s neck shattered with a bang, and even his Nascent Divinity along with his form and soul were destroyed. He was then flung out of the screen of light.

Instantly, a third person appeared on the lotus platform which no one could see. When the man showed up, his laughter rang in the air.

“It’s finally my turn. Dao Kong, it’ll be better if I’m the one wearing that Flourishing Lotus.” That voice belonged to a middle-aged man. He was dressed in a Constellation Robe which showed that he was a direct descendant!

All those who could wear the Constellation Robe were direct descendants in Morning Dao Sect. Even though there were tens of thousands of them, to Morning Dao Sect which controlled an entire True World, creating tens of thousands of Constellation Robes was really not much.

The number of Sacred Constellation Robes was far smaller. After all, even if people were direct descendants, there were still those who were considered superior and those who were considered inferior.

At the instant the middle-aged man appeared, Su Ming took a step forward with an aloof expression as the other’s laughter echoed in the air. When the middle-aged man saw him coming over, he moved back, then raised his right hand, formed a seal, and pointed towards Su Ming.

“Manifestation of Dao!”

With those words, his whole body started withering in a bizarre fashion. He instantly looked as if he had turned into a skeleton, and a black light shot out from the tip of his finger.

At the instant it did so, it broke down and turned into countless black threads in front of Su Ming and formed a huge net which attempted to envelop him.

The black net instantly closed in, but just when it looked as if it was going to touch Su Ming, a hint of derision appeared on Su Ming’s lips. He raised his right hand without hesitation, then seized the air in the direction of the light. With a bang, it came under his control.

This scene caused the middle-aged man to suck in a sharp breath. He retreated swiftly, his heart filled with shock. He had always believed that his divine ability was incredibly powerful, so even those who had attained great completion in World Plane Realm would not dare seize it with bare hands. If they did so, the power contained within the divine ability would transform the person and steal their intelligence.

The middle-aged man had ambushed plenty of people whose levels of cultivation had been higher than his with this Art, but it was his first time seeing someone not being affected by the divine ability when they seized it with bare hands.

As his expression changed, the middle-aged man moved, intending to retreat, but when Su Ming unfurled his right hand, the black net he’d caught immediately tumbled backwards towards the middle-aged man. At the instant his expression changed again and he was about to run from the lotus platform, a shrill scream of pain rang out. When his own net enveloped him, he was reduced to a nobody. Even his Constellation Robe was torn. After all, it was just a Constellation Robe and not a Sacred Constellation Robe, which was why the defense it offered was limited.

After he killed three people in succession, Su Ming also could not find any interest within himself to look at the lotus platforms belonging to the other Dynasts. He simply stood on his own and waited for the fourth person. In an instant, they showed up.

Time passed, and the fourth… seventh… tenth person came. When half a day passed, Su Ming had already killed nearly four hundred people in the continuous stream of challenges!

He did not pay any attention to the world outside. He did not know how the other Dynasts were doing, but even he had gradually become averse to this sort of slaughter. However, he wanted to see just how many people would still dare to challenge him when he killed all of them in such a manner.

Besides, he was still waiting for a person who could truly challenge him. Only that sort of fight would allow him to battle to his heart’s content. He knew that as the battles continued and the others lost their courage to join the fights, those with great levels of cultivation would gradually appear.

As a glint shone in Su Ming’s eyes, another figure appeared on his platform. He only cast a glance at that person but could tell that he was just in the initial stage of World Plane Realm. This sort of cultivator made Su Ming frown.

In just the span of a breath, the figure became clear, and it was just a lanky young man. The moment he appeared, he took a few steps backwards, and an obsequious smile appeared on his face before he wrapped his fist in his palm towards Su Ming.

“Your Highness, don’t attack. Please don’t attack me. I’m not here to challenge you. With your glorious image and your fame in the four Great True Worlds, how would I dare attack you? Just one breath from you, and you’ll send me straight back to my mother’s womb. Thus, please fulfill my request and give me the span of a few breaths, just a few breaths.” The obsequious look on the lanky young man’s face looked very polished, without a hint of deceit to be detected…

Su Ming was taken aback.

The lanky young man was also wiping off cold sweat off his forehead in his head. He quickly took a few more steps back and reached the border. He pulled most of his body out of the screen of light around the lotus platform, then threw his head back to shout towards the sky in with such force that his face and neck turned red.

“Old masters, young masters, fellow Daoists from the fourth, third, and second planes, seniors, fellow sect members, brothers, sisters, uncles, aunties, hello. I have here with me high quality medicinal cores, a large number of spirit talismans, a wide assortment of blades, spears, swords, halberds, but if you want them, you’ll have to be quick. The more you buy, the more free gifts you’ll obtain. Remember me. I am De Shun. My De means morality, and Shun means having everything go your way when you buy things.

“I live on the 333rd continent in the third plane. All my treasures are great items from when I went out on a war expedition. I can guarantee you that they are of high quality, and you can even book them!”

Once he finished shouting those words, all the people in the area were stunned. In fact, the battles from the other lotus platforms came to a halt because of it as well. Even the old man in Life Realm looked over with anger, but at that moment, the young man ducked his body back behind the screen of light, wrapped his fist in his palm towards Su Ming in an obsequious manner, and swiftly rushed out…
