# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1082

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Bang!

The eight people attacked simultaneously, and the power belonging to eight Almighties in Mastery Realm erupted from them. If Su Ming was at the peak of his condition, perhaps he could have fought against such forces, but he was injured now, so it only natural that this fight would be difficult for him.

However, this was before he had learned the Mountain Shifter, the God Slayer Art, and the bald crane had mastered the Light of Extreme Darkness. With these things, even if he was injured, he would still be able to fight with ease even when faced with the eight people while injured!

Amid the loud bangs, Su Ming coughed up a mouthful of blood, but the price of it was that the eight powerful warriors around him coughed up blood as well. In retreat, they felt as if they could not control their Qi and the blood tumbling in their bodies. It was especially so for the two who had just entered Mastery Realm.

They could only be considered at the initial stage, and when they were forced back while coughing up blood, they could no longer suppress their Qi and blood from spreading out through their pores. They were heavily wounded and swept out of the lotus platform.

Su Ming wiped off the blood at the corners of his mouth. He then raised his right hand to seize the air, and the Life Inequity Spear manifested. In an instant, it was covered by a layer of golden light, which was the sign of the God Slayer Art which Su Ming had learned.

“Again!”

Su Ming laughed at the sky. As he spoke, fighting spirit rose in the remaining six fighters. They moved together and activated their strongest divine abilities.

At the instant they charged forward and closed in, Su Ming lifted his right foot and took a step forward. He raised the Life Inequity Spear in his hand and thrust downwards in a very simple fashion. If anyone compared the long spear to a greatsword, then his thrust would have been equivalent to a sword slash!

At the instant he used it, the laws in the area changed. This transformation immediately caused the lotus platform and the entire world around them to become separated, turning their area into a completely different region compared to the world around them. This was the power to cut down laws.

Cutting down the connection between the platform and the world around it was equivalent to cutting down the faint connections of the six people’s cultivation bases to the world around them.

This form of interfering with fate was the same as blocking off the flow of a sea, killing it off in that way. It made it difficult for the six people to borrow any shred of power from the world, as if Su Ming had sealed off their source!

At the same time, the six cultivators discovered that when the spear went downwards, it not only cut off their fates, but also played with their senses. Even though it looked like the spear was going downwards, it seemed like it extended before splitting into six parts that landed on their hands. It was as if no matter how many people were in the area, as long as the spear fell, it would definitely hit all of them!

Boom!

The instant the six people’s divine abilities collided against Su Ming’s spear, he shuddered and staggered a few steps back. He coughed up a mouthful of blood, but two of the six coughed up blood too and were swept backwards. Once they were flung out of the lotus platform, thick blood fog spread out from them. It looked like their whole bodies had erupted with wounds.

Soon after, two of the remaining four people on the lotus platform could no longer withstand the falling spear. As their Qi surged intensely in their bodies, they were flung out as well.

With one swing of the spear, four of the six lost their ability to fight. The remaining two people had turned pale. When they looked at Su Ming, their gazes were filled with indescribable shock.

At the instant the two hesitated on whether they wanted to continue fighting, black light surged into the sky from Su Ming’s body before it swinging outwards.

“Light of Extreme Darkness!”

“That’s the Light of Extreme Darkness!”

The ten million cultivators in the area immediately let out surprised cries. After all, when Su Ming had used it previously, it was to destroy the screen of light around him. When the screen crumbled, the Light of Extreme Darkness had already dissipated, which was why those beyond the platform could not see it. But now, without the screen, the audience could see what was happening on the lotus platform clearly, and the light spreading out from Su Ming’s body was incredibly piercing to the eyes!

All those who saw it immediately trembled. They were outside and already reacting like that, so it was even more so for the two of the ten strongest remaining on the lotus platform at that moment.

Almost the instant Su Ming swept out the Light of Extreme Darkness, the two people started trembling. They stood there, feeling as if they had been frozen. If it was to last for much longer, then they would definitely be injured heavily under the Light of Extreme Darkness, and their minds would be destroyed. In fact, even their souls would sink into eternal slumber from which they could never wake up.

The shadow of death landed on their bodies, but they were powerless to fight against it…

The instant their souls were about to fall into eternal slumber, the Light of Extreme Darkness disappeared.

“I will spare you,” Su Ming said with aloofness.

The two people on the lotus platform immediately trembled. Their bodies swiftly recovered, but their faces stayed pale. They wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed to Su Ming before turning around and leaving in a hurry. Su Ming’s figure had already turned into an incomparably powerful and invincible existence in their minds. This shadow was like a seed that would prevent them from surpassing Su Ming for the rest of their lives.

With the fight of one against eight, Su Ming’s name shook all the cultivators in the area. When standing on the lotus platform, he looked like a war immortal at that moment. This image turned into a brand that could not be wiped off the minds of the cultivators in Morning Dao Sect.

Su Ming’s face while he held the long spear was somewhat pale. He was injured to begin with, and after fighting against the eight people, his injuries became worse. It looked as if he could not even stand firmly on his feet, but he did not care about it. He swept his gaze across the crowd, then cast a glance at Bei Bang.

When Su Ming was about to open his mouth to speak, one of the other nine Dynasts shouted out loudly, not giving him a chance to voice anything.

“Dao Kong, I want to challenge you!” Once he said that, all the other Dynasts focused on them. “Dao Kong, do you dare receive my challenge?!”

“That’s right, Dao Kong, since you’re so ostentatious and can fight against eight of the ten strongest in Morning Dao Sect, do you dare to fight against us now!”

As their voices rang in the air, four of the direct descendants leapt up and charged toward Su Ming’s lotus platform, intending to kill him in one go while he was badly injured.

Bei Bang should have stopped them, but his eyes flashed with light, and he kept quiet, as if he did not see anything.

Besides the tanned old man, the other two sect masters frowned, but when they saw that Bei Bang had turned a blind eye, they cast each other a glance and hesitated.

The tanned old man laughed coldly in his heart. This was something that he wanted to see very much. A glint appeared in his eyes, and in a seemingly casual manner, he cast a glance at the gentle looking middle-aged man, Dao Fa, who was among the nine Dynasts.

Dao Fa was silent for a moment, then took a step forward.

“Dao Kong, do you dare fight against me?!” When his word rang in the air, he derided himself. Doing something like this did not fit his personality… but Dao Kong was too strong. Someone as strong as this was a Dynast, and this created an incredibly great threat to him.

The moment Dao Fa took a step forward, a glint appeared in Dao Lin’s aloof eyes, and he too leapt forward. The other Dynasts followed suit.

All the other nine Great Dynasts wanted to fight against Su Ming at the same time. This scene instantly caused various expressions to appear on the cultivators’ faces. Some were scornful, some excited as if they were about to see something entertaining, and some were frowning, thinking that this was incredibly inappropriate.

With all sorts of thoughts in their heads, the buzz of discussions immediately rolled through the crowd.

While standing on the lotus platform, Su Ming watched the nine Great Dynasts charging toward him with a hint of derision on their lips. He tightened his grip on the Life Inequity Spear, and sharp stabs of pain traveled through his body. It was the sign that his injuries were acting up.

Yet even so, if Su Ming wanted to, he had the confidence to kill all nine of them in one go.

But when he tightened his grip over the Life Inequity Spear and the nine Dynasts were about to reach him, an incredibly loud sound of air being torn apart suddenly came from the distant sky. This was a sound of a person charging forth at full speed while slicing apart the sky.

It was a piercing howl, and it closed in on them in seconds. The person in such a rush was an old man, the person who had returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. He was charging forth incredibly quickly with a disconcerted expression on his face. At the instant he closed in, he was instantly recognized by the tanned old man who had been waiting for him all this while.

The tanned old man saw his expression, and a smile immediately appeared on his face. To him, this was the expression of someone who had discovered something incredibly great in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. This matter was surely the secret behind Dao Kong’s level of cultivation increasing by leaps and bounds.

Since the man was so terrified, it was definitely not something ordinary.

The incoming long arc did not catch too much attention at first, but the person in it swiftly charged to the tanned old man. Before even closing in, he began to speak in an anxious voice.

“I have something to tell you, sect master!”

As his voice echoed in the air, Bei Bang frowned. When he was about to say something, the tanned old man behind him laughed loudly and took a step forward.

“Dao Kong was still in the middle stage of World Plane Realm more than a thousand years ago, but after he returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, he had become incredibly strong. This is a great fortune for Morning Dao Sect, but I’m curious, just what did he go through to become so powerful and obtain this level of cultivation? I sent someone to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence to find exactly that, and now that person has returned.

“I’m not privy to the information he brought back yet because I wanted to listen to it with everyone! Just what sort of serendipity did Dynast Dao Kong receive in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence?!”

The tanned old man’s words were incredibly sinister. The instant he voiced them, he stirred up a lot of attention from the cultivators in the area.

In truth, they had long since been puzzled about this, and even those who had not been wondering about it swiftly registered what was going on.

“That’s right. What sort of thing could have made Dynast Dao Kong so strong?”

“Yeah, could it be… Possession? Else, why would his level of cultivation increase by so much in just around a thousand years?!”

“If it’s really some sort of serendipity, then perhaps we can try obtaining it as well. After all, now that I think about it, rising our level of cultivation by so much is something that is unimaginable.”

Bei Bang’s eyes sparkled, and he did not stop the old man. He too wanted to hear… just what Dao Kong had experienced in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence!

“Sect master… I…” The old man in the long arc felt his heart tremble at that moment, and the perturbed, anxious look on his face became even more apparent.

His expression caused the tanned old man to feel a hint of uneasiness, but things had already progressed too far, and he believed in his own judgment. With eyes shining, he said resolutely, “Just say it!”
