# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1083

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Those words caused even the nine Dynasts who had arrived on Su Ming’s platform to take a few steps back and look toward the person who had returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. If this person’s words could stir up a large storm, then to them, this would naturally be for the best.

Because of it, perhaps Dao Kong’s right as a Dynast could be cancelled, and just like that, a person who posed a threat to them due to possessing the same status would be gone. The fewer threats there were, the better everyone would feel.

After all, the road from a Dynast to the master of True Morning Dao World was filled with trials. The nine people might a;; be Dynasts, but in truth, there were three Hidden Dynasts behind the ten Great Dynasts.

Those three had fathomless power, and it was said that each of them was a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, but it was a pity that no one knew who they were. However, based on the rules of Morning Dao Sect, when the ten Great Dynasts appeared, three Hidden Dynasts would definitely be appointed.

However, the Hidden Dynasts also had their limitations. They could not open their own chambers and spread their influence. Because of that, a sort of equilibrium was formed. The reason the nine Dynasts treated Su Ming as a great threat was because he had the right to become a Dynast, but also the power of a Hidden Dynast. This sort of existence was incredibly threatening to them.

Because of that, they believed that as long as they stripped off Su Ming of his Dynast status, he could do nothing even if he had great power. A Dynast never had to practice cultivation in the first place. What they needed was a large number of powerful warriors serving as their followers and the ability to bring more people to their side, resulting a force to be reckoned with!

As long as their people brought them to greatness, no matter how strong someone was, they would definitely submit to them. This was something the nine believed wholeheartedly.

Under their expectant gazes, the divine senses from the cultivators in the area, the great interest which had arisen in the old Bei Bang, and the tanned old man’s expression of slight hesitation mixed with trust in his own judgement, the expression of the person who had returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence immediately changed. He felt as if he had a tiger by its tail. Instinctively, he did not look towards the tanned old man nor Bei Bang who appeared to have the greatest level of cultivation in the area. Instead… he looked towards Su Ming.

His gaze was filled with reverence and great anxiety. Su Ming’s expressionless face caused his heart to tremble. He had a strong feeling that he should rather offend that tanned sect master but not Su Ming.

Most of the ten million people in the area did not see this gaze, but the nine Dynasts on Su Ming’s platform could see it clearly. Bei Bang could also see it, and the one who saw it the clearest was the tanned old man. At the instant he saw the respect in his man’s gaze, his heart let out a loud thump, and the feeling that something bad was about to happen became incomparably strong.

“Wait…” This time, he spoke without hesitation.

But the moment he started, a resolute expression surfaced on the face of the person who had returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. He understood well what he had to do at that moment. Since the tanned old man wanted him to say it, he would say it.

“Many days ago, I was sent by a sect master to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence…” He did not bother with the tanned old man’s words. When he spoke, he instantly attracted all the cultivators’ attention.

“I was sent to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence to investigate all the things Dynast Dao Kong had experienced while he was there, to find the source for His Highness’ sudden increase in power. This was the task I was given, and I had no right to reject it. I could only listen to his orders, so I hope that you will not punish me for it, Your Highness.”

As he spoke, he wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed deeply to Su Ming. His expression was filled with respect, and there was even fear in it.

This scene instantly caused an uproar among the crowd. Everyone began to listen even more attentively, and a strong wave of curiosity had already stirred up in their hearts.

“Once I went to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, I did not head to the camp where the forces of power from True Morning Dao World were stationed to investigate this matter. Instead, I went to some of my good friends in the other True Worlds which I had befriended while I was a True Guard to understand this matter from another point of view. I even coincidentally ran into some fellow Daoists with whom I was good friends with in the past.

“Through an investigation conducted from various points of view, I might have still been unable to investigate all that Dynast Dao Kong went through in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, but I did manage to find out about three- or four-tenths of it.

“When Dynast Dao Kong entered the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, he kept a low profile and did not shine too brightly. His legend started during a great auction held in Black Ink Planet.

“While he was there, Dynast Dao Kong bought a Sacred Constellation Robe and started a grand quest that shocks me even now!

“His Highness went to Divine Essence Star Ocean and went through dangerous trials while he was there. Perhaps you do not understand Divine Essence Star Ocean too well, but I can tell all of you that it is a place filled with serendipities. It is a place where ancient Ancestral Spirits sleep. In fact, there are still living Ancestral Spirits, Antecedental Spirits, and plenty of ancient, primitive tribes over there.

“Everything is possible in Divine Essence Star Ocean which is filled with legendary creatures. Forget His Highness’ level of cultivation increasing by leaps and bounds, it wouldn’t have been impossible for him to become one of the strongest in one step.

“Only in that sort of environment can a person truly grow, and only in that place can an ordinary piece of metal be turned into a sharp sword!

“I do not know exactly what His Highness went through while he was in Divine Essence Star Ocean—only he alone would—but I’m certain that it was definitely not something an ordinary person would be able to live through. There are things there from which even sect masters would die!

“I also know that Dynast Dao Kong… took part in the activation of the fifth kiln. The fifth kiln is one of the most mysterious places in Divine Essence Star Ocean. Each time it is activated, a sea of fire is stirred up and sweeps through the entire Divine Essence Star Ocean! Perhaps some of you do not understand the might of the fifth kiln, but I can tell all of you that its fire can instantly burn all cultivators under Mastery Realm!

“In fact, even those in Mastery Realm that do not have enough Enchanted Treasures would find it hard to last long in the sea of fire!” The old man’s respectful words reverberated in all directions, and a loud wave of discussions was immediately stirred up.

An uproar from ten million cultivators arose, and all of them had shocked expressions due to the old man’s words. Some of the people had heard of Divine Essence Star Ocean before and naturally knew why it was so terrifying. They had heard about the fifth kiln before as well, and understood what facing it meant.

In fact, there were even some of them who had been True Guards in the past. The old man’s words caused them to fall silent. They knew far more than the others, but exactly because of that, their respect for Su Ming grew even more. It had in fact reached an unprecedented manner.

There were many more who had heard about those things for the first time, but they knew the old man and that he would definitely not lie. Besides, there were few among them who were foolish and couldn’t determine whether the old man’s words were real or not.

“Dynast Dao Kong entered the fifth kiln when it was activated, and even the weakest among the ones who joined him was in Mastery Realm. While he was with them, amid the numerous dangers, Dynast Dao Kong obtained a great serendipity that had never been known to man before. He also obtained his followers while he was there…”

His words echoed in the air. The commotion in the area instantly became even stronger, and when the people cried out, their voices were filled with astonishment that spoke of them finding themselves in disbelief.

Bei Bang’s pupils shrank. When he whipped his head around to look towards Su Ming, what entered his line of sight was the other’s indifferent expression.

The tanned old man had already become expressionless. He glared at the old man who had returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, and powerful killing intent rose in his heart.

The expressions of the nine Dynasts on Su Ming’s platform changed, and they took a few steps back simultaneously.

“This is nothing. There is one rumor discussed animatedly in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence right now. It is about… Sir Wu who doesn’t belong to any of the True Worlds but who has attached himself to the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds stationed in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. This person is an Almighty in Mastery Realm, and he also entered the fifth kiln when it was activated.

“The rumors are saying that this person has yet to return because he was fighting over a treasure with Dynast Dao Kong, and was then personally killed him. His physical body has become the body of his follower, Flame Fiends’ Progenitor!”

At the instant the old man said those words, the uproar in the area became so strong that only loud, booming sounds could be heard.

Bei Bang’s eyes shone. He did not speak, but the tanned old man behind him let out a cold harrumph, and with a voice like thunder, he instantly drowned out the waves of sound in the area.

“Nonsense! I’ve heard of Sir Wu before. He has a strange bloodline, and when he transforms, he becomes incredibly powerful. There is no way he could be killed so easily. Who did you hear this from? How could you treat rumors as if they were real?! If you continue telling us things that are mere gossip, do not blame me for punishing you!” the tanned old man said with harshness.

“What if this was told to me personally by Progenitor Long Hai?!” the old man who returned from the Barren lands of Divine Essence asked without hesitation. He was ready to risk everything.

Once he spoke, the uproar in the area which had been drowned out rose with a vengeance, and it instantly became so strong that the voices seemed endless. The tanned old man’s expression changed, and he was rendered speechless.

“Progenitor Long Hai is the Almighty from Morning Dao Sect who has gone missing for years!”

“I heard about this Progenitor before. It’s said that he has long since arrived at the state of an Almighty and has a great reputation in True Morning Dao World. I didn’t expect that he’d be in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.”

“Progenitor Long Hai… if the old man is the one who said it, then those words are believable!”

As voices in the area formed into incomprehensible noise, the old man who had returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence opened his mouth again and uttered the most shocking words since the start.

“When Dynast Dao Kong ventured out of the fifth kiln, he also went to the fifth ocean. While he was there… His Highness was attacked by various tribes and surrounded by ferocious beasts.”

The old man jolted, and as he trembled, his eyes were filled with fear.

“When he was there, one of His Highness’ followers only executed one divine ability before he destroyed tens of thousands of cultivators. Some of them were Almighties in Mastery Realm, and their numbers were impossible to count…

“It is said that His Highness’ follower… is an Almighty in Life Realm who has nearly stepped into Death Realm!!”

As the old man’s words echoed, the entire area fell into dead silence. Soon though, a loud boom erupted from the crowd, formed from countless cries of surprise fusing together into a wave of sound that surged into the heavens.
