# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1088

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Needless to say, that man was Su Ming’s third senior brother—the ninth summit’s Hu Zi!

In a daze, Su Ming remembered how Hu Zi had brought him along to run amuck with a glare in his eyes when he had just arrived for the first time in the ninth summit. As Hu Zi spoke, he would speak honestly in a loud voice. His words seemed to be still echoing by Su Ming’s ears.

A man who loved peeping, who was born with the talent for all things in regards to Runes, who was the manifestation of the Rune over Yin Death Region, and one who through Tian Xie Zi’s guidance gained an epiphany regarding the Art for dreams. It… was Hu Zi!

Even though everything that Su Ming saw at that moment was a battle that had happened in the past, the instant he saw Hu Zi, his heart was filled with great excitement.

In all his life, there were few people who had filled his heart with warmth right after he met them no matter how callous he was… and without a doubt, Hu Zi was one of them.

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath and forced down the excitement in his heart. When he took a step forward, he stepped into the vortex resembling the surface of water, and his figure disappeared.

The cultivators in the area outside saw Dao Kong’s name once again shine with piercing golden light. This time, the golden light was even more dazzling than the one before, and as it spread out, Dao Kong’s name turned into a gigantic vortex.

It was even also larger than the previous one. This time, it was tens of thousands of feet tall, causing the four Dynasts’ vortices beside it to be unable to compare with it. In an instant, it attracted all the people’s attention.

Soon, a scene appeared in the vortex, and this scene… was of the battlefield which Su Ming had chosen to enter!

Bang!

Su Ming’s vision blurred for a moment before it recovered. When it did so, shrill screams of pain and furious roars crashed into his ears, and he found a cultivator from the Immortals’ Union in front of him. That person had a sharp sword in his hand, and he instantly charged towards Su Ming at an incredibly quick speed.

All around Su Ming were cultivators from Morning Dao Sect, and they looked to be in a very pathetic state. They fell back, for they could not fight the sword-wielding cultivator charging straight at them.

He lifted his hand, then brought the sword down… and human heads flew into space. Blood splattered all around, and shrill screams of pain filled the area. Su Ming’s team was a scattered crowd whose members were swiftly fleeing.

When Su Ming lowered his head, he noticed that he no longer looked as Dao Kong. Instead, he had turned into a middle-aged man with a pale face. He had plenty of wounds on his body, and there was even a huge gash on his chest. There was black blood oozing out of it, and his body was beginning to rot.

The black blood was from some sort of poison. The original possessor of the body Su Ming now occupied had clearly died already, which allowed Su Ming to obtain control. He might seem as if he had been resurrected, but in truth, he just had his soul exchanged.

When Su Ming cast his gaze across the area, he found that he was in a densely packed crowd which had no end. A battlefield with more than ten million people in it could definitely not be summarized by just saying that there were more than ten million people involved in it.

What did those numbers even say? Even one million people standing together would have a mighty presence. In fact, there were plenty of cultivation planets whose population in their cities did not even reach one million.

The battlefield was so big that it was as large as a city!

Su Ming was currently located to the right of the camp which Morning Dao Sect was defending. He was located far to the side, close to the edge of the battlefield.

As Su Ming observed his surroundings, screams of pain traveled ceaselessly through the air. The cultivators in front of him collapsed with a bang, and the blood that scattered in space merged together to take the shape of a person. Its body soon materialized.

The person appeared bright red as if he was dressed in a blood-red robe, a blood-red mask, and a blood-red cloak. There was cruelty in his eyes, and he slaughtered his way into the crowd where Su Ming was along with the sword-wielding cultivator.

There were not many cultivators beside Su Ming to begin with, and soon, there were only about a dozen of them left. Despair could be found on their faces, and as they moved, they realized that they no longer had any room to retreat.

“Heh heh, I killed nearly one hundred people, so I’ll be able to obtain even more achievements. My sword-wielding friend, this time, you won’t be able to win against me.” The blood drenched person’s wild laughter echoed in space, and with a singel move, he rushed into the crowd.

Su Ming’s expression was cold. He retreated, not immediately attacking. Instead, as he circulated his cultivation base in his new body, he began to heal it swiftly, especially the wound on his chest. A large amount of black blood was forced out from it, and in just the span of a few breaths, most of his injuries recovered.

It was during this time that the blood-red figure which was clearly lacking in judgement cast his eyes on Su Ming. As he laughed ferociously, he moved and charged over.

“There’s one here who hasn’t died after being poisoned by Old Monster Venom! Haha, don’t blame me now, old friend; it’s not my intention to snatch your achievements.”

The blood-red figure moved incredibly quickly and instantly closed in on Su Ming. He flung his arms outwards, and the two cultivators by Su Ming’s sides coughed up blood. As their bodies exploded with loud booming sounds, blood splattered everywhere. It looked as if it possessed life, and when the blood-red figure flung his arms, the blood instantly rushed towards Su Ming.

There was a cruel look in the blood-red figure’s eyes. He could practically see the middle-aged cultivator before him being pierced by his companions’ blood as if it was sharp arrows and lost the last traces of life.

But the instant that blood charged towards him, Su Ming lifted his head, and a fierce and cold glare flashed in his eyes. While the blood-red figure was taken aback, Su Ming vanished. As the blood crashed into nothing, Su Ming appeared behind the blood-red figure. He raised his right hand to seize the other’s throat before giving it a fierce squeeze. Booming sounds echoed in space, and the blood-red figure collapsed It turned into countless drops of fresh blood that fled with fear.

Hidden in that blood was the man’s Nascent Divinity which was screaming shrilly at that moment.

“This is a powerful warrior hidden among ordinary cultivators!”

But what a pity, the moment his screams echoed in space, Su Ming laughed coldly and swung his right hand casually. Immediately, a rebounding force traveled through the scattered blood with a bang. It caused the blood to lurch once before it turned into fog. Then, it was crushed into nothingness. Even the blood-red figure’s Nascent Divinity and soul had been wiped off.

The sword-wielding man’s footsteps came to an abrupt halt. His pupils shrank, and without any hesitation, he fell back. His skin crawled, and his heart was filled with shock. To him, a powerful warrior who could destroy Old Monster Blood’s body and soul in one hit was at the very least in Lunar Kalpa Realm. This sort of person was not someone he, who was just in the later stage of World Plane Realm, could fight against.

Yet before he could retreat more than a hundred feet away, Su Ming’s aloof gaze landed on him. At the instant the man’s heart let out a thump, Su Ming had already appeared in front of him. He lifted his right hand and tapped the center of the sword-wielding man’s brows, and with a bang, his eyes filled with red. He shuddered, and as if his body was seized by an invisible hand, he was torn to shreds.

‘I’m still a little not used to this body.’

Su Ming flung his arm and noticed that it was difficult for his current body to fuse perfectly with his cultivation base, which made him unable to bring out his full power. However, while this might be a problem to other people, Su Ming was not too worried about it.

He was an Abyss Builder, and one of the inborn abilities of the Abyss Builders was Possession. He might not be Possessing someone right now, but the difference from his current situation to Possession was not that great. A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes, and cracking sounds immediately came from his body. As they echoed in space, the structures of his body was instantly adjusted to a state where it would suit Su Ming the best.

All of this, including Su Ming killing the two cultivators, was done in an instant, causing the remaining few Morning Dao Sect cultivators around Su Ming to regard him with shock. Soon though, they wrapped their fists in their palms to bow deeply towards him.

Su Ming swept his gaze past these people.

“Who is the commander for Morning Dao Sect in this battle?” he asked calmly.

“It’s Sect Elder Kun Lin of the Sect Elder Chamber and Lord Du Mo Tian from the War Chamber,” someone from the few remaining cultivators immediately answered respectfully.

Su Ming nodded, then turned around to cast a glance at the battlefield around him before turning into a long arc that charged into the distance. Wherever he went, all the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union whom he met found themselves screaming in pain before their bodies were torn to shreds after Su Ming moved past them.

Even though he caused such bloodshed, Su Ming’s existence was insignificant in the gigantic battlefield. In fact, there were few who paid any attention to him. After all, in a battlefield with more than ten million people, one person’s existence was incredibly negligible… unless he did something so big that he could shake the sky and earth itself!

Su Ming was not interested in changing the direction of the battlefield. If he truly wanted to change it, he could just kill the elder or the lord, whatever their names were. Then, with his power, he could suppress all the people present and have all the cultivators on Morning Dao Sect’s side to fight according to his will.

However, Su Ming was more interested in the giant in the distance and the black-robed person beside him than doing something like taking over the role of a commander in the battlefield.

The main reason he chose this battle was because he wanted to take a look at what exactly made the huge giant and the black robed person so peculiar, and also because… before he stepped into this battle, he had seen Hu Zi!

However, the battlefield was as large as a city. It was not easy to search for someone, but if he was determined to do so, Su Ming believed that he would definitely be able to find him.

As Su Ming moved about in the battlefield killing those from the Immortals’ Union, he was gradually able to tell that the battle had yet to escalate to a very bad condition. Although he did not know how long the battle had already lasted, right then, both armies were on equal footing. Clearly, neither had brought all of their cards onto the table.

Yet this situation did not last for long. As Su Ming moved about in the battlefield and continued drawing closer to the Immortals’ Union, he kept his gaze fixed on the giant who was gazing at all the people in the battlefield with an aloof gaze, and the negligible black-robed person by his side…

Suddenly, a gigantic, long, yellow banner appeared in the direction of the Immortals’ Union’s camp. It fluttered in space, and hundreds of banners like it appeared in the Immortals’ Union side. As they flitted back and forth, an invisible mighty pressure descended on the battlefield.

A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. He knew that the Immortals’ Union was about to do something big!
