# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1090

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The instant the ancient voice finished speaking, the world before Su Ming’s eyes recovered. Booming sounds continued reverberating in space, and the black-robed man was still fishing the moon from the well. A deadly force of destruction descended on the galaxy.

The souls and bodies of all cultivators from Morning Dao Sect in the area were destroyed by the Art!

When Su Ming saw that there was no way for him to change this results, his eyes shone, and without any hesitation, he rushed out of the encircled area.

He was incredibly distinct among all the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect who could not move and whose souls were mostly forced out of their bodies while they shuddered. He was instantly noticed by the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union.

Yet they only saw an afterimage. When Su Mingu used most of his power, he was so quick that he instantly rushed into the area above the galaxy, beyond where the eyeballs were, but right where the black-robed man stood.

The black-robed man’s eyes shrank slightly under the hood. Clearly, he did not expect that there would actually be someone who would be unaffected by his divine ability. The aura spreading out from Su Ming’s body also made him feel as if he was facing off his mortal enemy.

This might have seemed to have happened over a long period of time, but it had ended very quickly. The instant Su Ming rushed out, he seized space with his right hand, and the Life Inequity Spear appeared there. Once he held it in his hand, he threw it at the black-robed man.

The Life Inequity Spear turned into a long arc, and at a speed faster than Su Ming’s, it shot through space toward the black-robed person. That man did not move a single step backwards, but he did stop his act of fishing the ‘moon’ with his right hand and lifted his left hand to point at the incoming Life Inequity Spear.

“Still!”

He only uttered one word, but the Life Inequity Spear immediately stopped ten feet away from him as if an invisible hand had seized it. The spears was unable to move even a single inch.

This scene caused Su Ming’s heart to tremble again. However, not only did he not slow down, he became even faster. With a bang, he closed in on the black-robed man and lifted his right hand to throw a swift punch forward.

Immediately, the galaxy around Su Ming distorted, and the laws changed to form the image of a huge fist to hit the black-robed person.

“Another barbaric power.”

When the black-robed person spoke, he raised his left hand and casually swung it at Su Ming. The image of the fist immediately dissipated in the same manner as the fist of the old man in Mastery Realm. However, Su Ming’s combat abilities was definitely not something to which that old man in Mastery Realm could compare. Even though his fist had dissipated, he instantaneously rushed out of the illusory image and punched the space before the black-robed man.

It was at this moment that the black-robed man’s pupils shrank. He quickly raised his left hand and pointed forward. His finger and Su Ming’s fist landed in space at the same time, though they were several dozens of feet away from each other.

Loud, booming sounds rose into the air. Su Ming coughed up a mouthful of blood and tumbled backwards. He felt as if his fist had landed on an invisible barrier.

The black-robed man also shuddered and took a few staggering steps backwards. His Art in the right hand, which still remained in the motion of fishing the ‘moon’ from the ‘well’, was cancelled against his will, and he too coughed up a mouthful of blood.

“The celestial origin of tremors!” There was disbelief in the black-robed man’s voice.

Killing intent shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He rushed forward again, then raised his right hand to point at the galaxy.

“Rockslide!”

The instant Su Ming pointed forward with his right index finger, the galaxy distorted, and huge meteors appeared. They charged downwards with loud, booming sounds, and each of them brought with them a mighty wave of impact that contained Su Ming’s power. In the blink of an eye, hundreds of meteors descended simultaneously in the galaxy.

Loud bangs traveled in all directions. The black-robed man retreated, then raised his right hand and pointed at the sky.

“Still!”

The meteors immediately froze, not moving anymore. The black-robed man swiftly formed a seal with his hands before clasping all ten of his fingers together and bringing them in a downwards slash before himself. Immediately, a huge dimensional crack appeared, and like a gaping mouth in the galaxy, it charged towards Su Ming to devour him.

Su Ming did not move back, but advanced. When he neared the gaping mouth, black light swept outwards from his body.

The entire battlefield instantly turned black before recovering the next instant. The gaping mouth in space had frozen, and the black-robed man shuddered before he coughed up blood again. He retreated swiftly while roaring with disbelief.

“Sir Kong Mo’s five-colored divine lights, y-y-you…”

The retreating black-robed man could no longer maintain the Art of Fishing the Moon from the Well. As he retreated, the entire galaxy trembled. The marks of the moon on the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect in the area underneath immediately faded away. Their expressions showed that they had regained consciousness, but what awaited them was a crazed slaughter brought by those taking advantage of the situation under swirling blood-red banners from the Immortals’ Union.

The number of casualties was devastating. The disciples from Morning Dao Sect who were still recovering could not even put up a fight. For a time, there were many of deaths on their side. The foul stench of blood filled all corners of the galaxy, but soon, as they slowly regained their senses, the battlefield immediately became a real fight once more.

When the black-robed man moved back, the hood covering his face fell off and revealed an ancient face. His sunken eyes were filled with disbelief. Upon fixing his stare on Su Ming, he raised his right hand and seized the space in front of him.

“You will serve as a well!”

Two light spots appeared around Su Ming and encircled him as if a well had been formed.

“Your soul will serve as the moon!”

The mark of the moon appeared at the center of Su Ming’s brows. It was incredibly deep, as if it had been branded on his soul.

“With your body and your soul, I will now gather the moon from the well!” the black-robed man roared. He seized space with his right hand. He was had focused a divine ability which could spread through the entire battlefield on Su Ming alone.

A loud bang rang in space, and Su Ming felt his whole body shudder. He had a strong feeling that his soul was being led out from his body by a power he found difficult to resist. At the same time, he also sensed that his connection with True Morning Dao World had been completely severed by the circle formed around him.

This was a power he had never come into contact with before, and it was impossible for him to get a grasp of its origin. When he saw that his soul had gathered at the center of his brows amid the tremors of his body and felt that it was about to be extracted from the mark of the moon, a glint shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He knew that everything he did could be seen by the ten million cultivators in the world outside. After all, it was just a trial.

As his eyes shone, the Light of Extreme Darkness rushed out from his body. At the instant the world became dark, a freezing glare appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. He might not be able to touch the power of the black-robed man and neither did he have a way to fight against it… but there was naturally a celestial origin in his soul which could fight back.

‘Life Extermination!’

The instant Su Ming sent this divine thought forward, the Seed of Life Extermination in his soul immediately erupted with a bang. That eruption was reflected on Su Ming in the form of countless branches crawling out of his body. As they spread outwards, they seemed to collided with the power the black-robed man had used in an unseen manner.

A loud bang rang out, and Su Ming felt a sharp stab of pain in his head. It seemed as if there was a trail of information crawling into his head, but there were only two words there!

“Celestial origin!”

The instant the two words echoed in his head and booming sounds surged into the sky, the power of Fishing the Moon from the Well around Su Ming’s body collapsed. The circle around him shattered layer by layer.

This scene entered the eyes of the huge giant in the distance. A hint of surprise suddenly shone in them, but there was a cold sneer on his lips, and he did not show any intention of thinking to help the black-robed man. It was a telling sign that even though they came from the same place, they were not on good terms with each other.

The moment Su Ming walked out from the circle, the black-robed man coughed up blood, and shock appeared on his face. As he retreated, a fierce glare shone in his eyes, and he raised his right hand to point at Su Ming.

“Immobilization Art!” the black-robed man roared.

This was different from how he previously frozen the Life Inequity Spear and how he kept the meteors in place. This time, he had chanted the name of the Art on Su Ming. Clearly, by doing so, the might of the Art would be even greater.

Su Ming was charging forward, but he the next instant he felt as if the space around him had turned into mud. His body jolted, and he was immobilized. In fact, even his power started showing signs of being frozen.

This was not the first time Su Ming saw the black-robed man execute this Art, but only when he truly experienced it personally did he understand its might and wonder.

Almost the instant Su Ming was immobilized, the black-robed man laughed ferociously and struck his own forehead with his right hand.

“Water is the origin of all lives. What I have come to understand is the celestial origin of water, and now, with water, I will kill you!” he roared.

The black-robed man then rushed toward Su Ming, and his body and the space around him instantly turned into a tidal wave. A circular area of several hundreds of thousands of feet around him turned into a vast ocean. It roared and rushed at Su Ming with the old man’s ferocious face on the tidal wave.

Su Ming’s heart trembled. No matter how hard he struggled, it was difficult for him to regain mobility. When he saw that the ocean formed by the old man was charging towards him and that this divine ability was another one of those Arts he had never seen before, a great sense of danger rose in him. A fierce look flashed through Su Ming’s eyes.

“Resentful Wei, awaken! Fight for me!”

BOOM!

A huge crack tore the space around Su Ming. A heinous wave of resentful flames spread out, and Resentful Wei, the black horse which had fallen into deep slumber in Su Ming’s storage bag after witnessing Su Ming blocking a destructive blow for it to fulfill his promise, rushed out by stepping on a sea of fire. Its two dragon heads roared, and it charged straight towards the ocean sweeping towards Su Ming.

This was a fight between fire and water, the black-robed man and the Resentful Wei!
