# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1091

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The celestial origin energy was a power that only the cultivators who were not from Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos knew. It was another level of power that was completely different from laws. Su Ming did not understand it. In fact, he had never come into contact with it before this.

However, the celestial origin energy which turned into an ocean when it was executed by the black-robed man caused Su Ming to have a strong sense of danger. At the same time, he also felt that the ocean was incredibly real… as if this was not a divine ability, but truly an ocean!

With the Immobilization Art freezing his body, even his cultivation base had frozen over. While he was fighting against the strange black-robed man, Su Ming felt as if everything served as a hindrance to him. Even though the black-robed man’s shock towards Su Ming had far surpassed Su Ming’s shock towards him, Su Ming still thought he was difficult to deal with. However, this was not the first time in his life that he had ran into something like that.

He’d had a similar feeling when he was still in the land of Berserkers and fought against the Shamans. At that time, the Shamans’ divine abilities were things he had never seen before. When he fought against them, their divine abilities appeared one after another, and they had numerous changes, serving as a huge headache for Berserkers. Even if Su Ming’s level of cultivation had been slightly higher than theirs, if he was the least bit careless, he would have also been badly injured.

At that moment, when Su Ming came face to face with the incoming ocean formed by the black-robed man, the first thing that came to his mind was the Resentful Wei. That thought turned into a divine thought, and the moment the Resentful Wei appeared, flames roared and swept through the entire area. With its black body and two ferocious dragon heads, the Resentful Wei rushed out of the sea of fire and charged into the vast ocean in front of him with a low growl.

However, the Resentful Wei was only in Mastery Realm. It could perhaps only put up a bit of a fight against the ocean formed by the celestial origin from the black-robed man… but the its divine ability was that of fire, and it was born to oppose the celestial origin of water. More importantly, the Resentful Wei was not just purely a creature in Mastery Realm. It was… the manifestation of the endless grudges gathered together when all the cultivators in Ancient Wei perished.

In the era where Ancient Wei had long disappeared, the Resentful Wei could be treated as the only living being signifying Ancient Wei’s existence.

BOOM!

Fire and water collided. The sea of fire fought against the vast ocean, which resulted in a loud, booming sound that shook the entire galaxy. When it reverberated in space, countless distortions appeared in the sea of fire from the Resentful Wei. The figures might be vague and their faces could not be seen clearly, but the thick waves of resentment spreading out from their bodies caused the color of the sea of fire to instantly turn dark green, just like that of a will-o’-the-wisp.

As fire and water came into contact with each other, countless distorted figures filled with resentment gathered around the Resentful Wei with shrill cries. When t charged forward, they fused with it to turn into a gigantic figure.

That figure looked as if it had grown on the Resentful Wei’s body and was one with it. The figure brandished a gigantic scythe, and with an extreme speed, it pounced on the black-robed man’s face formed by the ocean.

BOOM!

The moment the scythe in the hands of the huge figure on the Resentful Wei’s body crashed against the face in the seawater, the scythe turned into an arc that brought certain death. In the mid of loud bangs, the boundless ocean was cut into two and fell to the sides. As for the face in the seawater formed by the black-robed man, the center of its brows was also cut in half by that one slash, falling into two parts with the seawater.

“What is this power?!” As the seawater fell backwards, the vast ocean vanished without a trace. The black-robed man showed up again. When he coughed up a mouthful of blood, a mark of blood appeared at the center of his brows. He swiftly retreated with disbelief shining in his eyes.

“Cutting through celestial origin… only cultivators in the late stage of Void Realm [1] are capable of that. This… This is…” The black-robed man’s face instantly turned pale. As far as he could tell, the black horse with the two dragon heads had definitely not reached the level of cultivation where it could cut through celestial origin. Yet the scene just then was not an illusion; he’d personally felt the shock of having his celestial origin cut.

“I can sense… the presence of Wei from Arid Triad…”

At that moment, the ancient voice from before spoke once more into Su Ming’s heart. However, he did not listen to him closely. At the instant the black-robed man retreated, Su Ming regained mobility, the power which had immobilized him having vanished.

Killing intent shone in his eyes. Even if it was a trial, Su Ming knew that there would come a day when he would eventually run into the real black-robed man in the true world. He could fail during the trial, but if he failed in reality, he would end up dead.

‘Immobilization Art, celestial origin of water, what skills. I might not understand these Arts, but…’

The killing intent in Su Ming’s eyes grew greater. He moved, and the ares on his sides immediately shone, making it hard for others to tell where he was. Afterimages also appeared around him. They would give the black-robed man a headache if he wanted to cast that Immobilization Art on him again.

Su Ming lifted his right hand as he charged forward. When he pointed at the sky, the galaxy behind him distorted. A gigantic moon of three colors appeared there.

Su Ming formed a seal with his hands, then formed the shape of a mountain before him and pushed it at the galaxy.

“Mountain Shifter!”

Su Ming might have also executed the Mountain Shifter Art when he was in Morning Dao Sect’s Striking Lands, but at that time, he did not put every ounce of his strength into it. Right then, he executed the Three Mountains Illuminating the Moon to give a further impetus to the Mountain Shifter Art.

The moment Su Ming’s voice reverberated in space, the galaxy roared. Mountains appeared with a bang, and they were all the mountains Su Ming had ever seen in his life. There were those from the land of Berserkers, from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, from Divine Essence Star Ocean, and also from Morning Dao Sect. Countless mountains appeared at that instant, and all of them immediately gathered together to form a gigantic mountain that seemed to go up straight into the void itself!

The instant the mountain formed, the pupils of the one million feet tall giant in the distance shrank. When the black-robed man saw the huge mountain, he stunned to his feet. Then, without any hesitation, he turned around, and with the fastest speed he could muster, he fled while stirring up loud whistles in the process.

“Dammit, Mountain Shifter Art! This is the Mountain Shifter Art! There’s someone in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos who managed to learn the Mountain Shifter Art! Luo Han, only you Ancient Deities can withstand Mountain Shifter Expanse Cosmos’ Mountain Shifter Art with brute force! If you just watch me die under this Art, then I’d like to see how you’ll explain yourself to the Sovereign God!”

A great wave of terror washe through the black-robed man’s eyes. When he spoke, his voice was low, but there was a hysterical tone hidden in it. Clearly, Mountain Shifter Art had completely stunned him.

The murderous look on Su Ming’s face was thick. He pushed his hands downwards, and a loud bang immediately rose into the air. The gigantic mountain went plunging downwards to smash everything.

The galaxy collapsed. The heavens shattered. Laws crumbled. The black-robed man’s body broke down as well. No matter how fast he fled, he could not escape, because Su Ming’s Mountain Shifter Art contained the power of absolute accuracy contained in the God Slayer Art he had just come to understand.

The black-robed man let out a shrill scream of pain amid the bangs. His body was torn to shreds, but his Nascent Divinity had jumped out before it was ripped apart. As he screamed, he rushed forward, but he still did not manage to escape from the Mountain Shifter Art ramming into him a second time.

BOOM!

When the gigantic mountain fell on him again, his screams went quiet, and the black-robed man’s body and soul were destroyed!

Su Ming’s face was pale. Blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth. The battle might have seemed simple, but Su Ming had practically used up every ounce of his strength. The entire process had been incredibly perilous.

It was especially so during the final moment. If the one million feet tall giant in the distance had chosen to interfere and attack, Su Ming would have definitely not been able to kill the black-robed man so easily. Yet the giant had only put on a solemn expression and did not show any intention to provide any aid. This was the main reason behind why the black-robed man had died.

“I’ve long since grown tired of that old man from the Celestial Realm [2], but since we came from the same place and you killed him, I will kill you. I’ll just have you die with him.”

Buzzing sounds came from the giant’s mouth like thunderous roars. The seven planets at the center of his brows started spinning rapidly. At the same time, the light from stars spread out, and a mighty pressure caused Su Ming’s whole body to sink down.

Bang!

The one million feet tall giant took a step forward in the galaxy. The instant his foot landed, a layer of ripples spread out through the area. When the mighty pressure descended, the cultivators from both sides immediately shuddered, and all of them fell back as if they were swept aside by an invisible hand.

The powerful warriors in Lunar Kalpa Realm and Solar Kalpa Realm from Morning Dao Realm retreated among the ripples. The instant everyone was swept aside, the giant raised his right hand and swept it through the area at his feet. He was so quick that even though he was huge, he still gave off an impression that even if people could see his moves, they could not avoid them. When he swept his hand outwards, he grabbed a cultivator from Morning Dao Sect, and then… right in front of all the cultivators, he threw the captured one straight into his mouth.

Crunching sounds followed after that. After some chewing and swallowing, he finished eating cultivator in his mouth.

“Barbarians like you taste quite good, but none of you have any understanding towards celestial origin, which makes your taste bland. But you’ll be different, boy. I want to know how you’ll taste like.”

The giant grinned. Fresh blood could be seen faintly on his teeth, but compared to his large mouth, that bit of blood looked rather insignificant.

As he spoke, the giant lifted his right hand, clenched his fist, and threw a punch towards Su Ming. It stirred up loud rumbles.

“Aren’t you skilled? Come, let me see whether your barbaric power or my power as an Ancient God is stronger.”

A loud bang rang out, the sound of a galaxy shattering. The giant’s fist looked like a huge meteor when it charged towards Su Ming by drawing a long arc through the galaxy and howling loudly.

Translator’s Note:

Void Realm: From Renegade Immortal Chapter 1227.

Celestial Realm: Mentioned in Renegade Immortal Chapter 267.
