# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1092

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming’s pupils shrank swiftly. The giant’s body was one million feet tall, and he declared himself a God from another world. He was known by Dao Ocean, one of the Three Heathens and Four Predecessors, as an Ancient God, and just from its body alone, it could be seen that this strange living creature possessed a great strength that Su Ming could not imagine.

Even if it was just his physical strength alone, it would be strong enough to shake the entire universe. The mighty pressure spreading out from his body that formed the presence of his cultivation base gave him the feeling that he was in Mastery Realm. However, when he identified it in detail, he found that the two auras consisted of completely different elements. It seemed like he was in Mastery Realm, but was not at the same time.

In fact, while this gigantic Ancient God might still be unable to compare to the complete Ecang, the size of his body was enough to cause hearts to tremble.

The incoming punch charged forth like a meteor, stirring up loud roars in its wake. They seemed to be even louder than the cracks of thunder and could shatter the universe and crumble the galaxy. It seemed as if everything in existence would collapse under the punch and that it would be difficult for anyone to put any fight against it.

Powerful fighting spirit shone in Su Ming’s eyes. His physical body was powerful, and it had also reached an incredibly terrifying state. In fact, as long as he could snatch his real body back from the Immortals’ Union and step into Mastery Realm, then with the Three Mountains Illuminating the Moon, he could instantly step into Life Realm and become an Almighty.

Besides, not only did his body contain the Seed of Life Extermination, he had also become the completed Ecang. Because of it, when he fused with his clones, even the full powered strike from an Almighty in Mastery Realm could not cause too much harm to him.

If he ran into those who were in Fate Realm, then while Su Ming had not yet mastered the laws of fate, he had the Execution of the Three Evils. The fight might be difficult to navigate, but he could still fight toe to toe against such people.

Only those in Life Realm would pose as a threat to Su Ming, but if he summoned the fifth kiln, then so what if his opponents were in Life Realm!

All of this were the basis for Su Ming’s confidence. It was the reason behind why he voluntarily stepped into Morning Dao Sect after he returned from True Morning Dao World. Right then, in the face of the Ancient God’s punch, fighting spirit appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. He lifted his right hand, and when he clenched his fist, he turned into a long arc that charged towards the incoming strike from the Ancient God.

He wanted to see just how strong was the power of the punch that belonged to an Ancient God with seven stars at the center of his brows!

Everything around him was fake, an imitation, which was why Su Ming had the chance to test himself. If he was in the world outside, failure would mean death, but when he was here… Su Ming had nothing to lose!

The crash between the shine of a brilliant moon and a firefly’s light, the collision between a tall mountain and shattered stone, the roar of an ocean and a trickling stream—this was how this shocking scene seemed to the cultivators who had already died in the real world and the ten million cultivators in the world outside spectating the battle!

The breathing of the ten million cultivators in the first plane of Morning Dao Sect quickened at that moment. It was completely silent in the area. All their gazes were fixed on the picture in the gigantic vortex.

There was no longer anyone staring at what the other Dynasts were doing. Even the members of the sect who were good friends with them had unknowingly cast their gazes on Su Ming’s battlefield.

It did not matter whether it was Bei Bang, the tanned old man behind him, or the other two sect masters, at that moment, all of them had cast their gazes on Su Ming’s vortex. They watched the battle, watched Su Ming kill the black-robed man, and as he closed in on the giant’s incoming punch.

Even that tanned old man had a grim expression on his face at that moment. He had already forced down the hatred in his heart. No matter how much he disliked Su Ming and how much he wanted to kill him, he was still a sect master of Morning Dao Sect. Even if Su Ming’s current enemy was fake, he still belonged to the Immortals’ Union. In fact, due to his status, the tanned old man even knew some things that the other cultivators did not.

He knew that the giant was known as the Ancient God. He also knew that he did not come from True Morning Dao Sect. Instead… he was an invader from another world, a place that was incredibly far away from them!

And Su Ming was currently fighting against that invader. This scene caused the tanned old man to force down his hatred towards Su Ming. No matter how much he hated Su Ming, they were both from Morning Dao Sect, and they were both people living in True Morning Dao World.

He also knew that the they had sent out thirteen sect masters to kill the Ancient God with seven stars at the center of his brows during a battle in the past. Two of the thirteen had died, and seven were severely wounded, still in deep slumber. They had paid this sort of price to kill that Ancient God.

They had paid a still steep, but slightly smaller price for the black-robed man. The War Chamber had sent five War Generals, and with the death of three of them, they had managed to kill him.

While all the cultivators in Morning Dao Sect were fixed on the battle, Su Ming turned into a long arc in the vortex and collided with the Ancient God’s fist.

Loud booming sounds shook the universe and reverberated through the galaxy. They traveled out of the vortex and shook the hearts of all the cultivators watching in Morning Dao Sect at that moment.

Su Ming had a feeling as if he had crashed into a mountain. His fist trembled, then shattered along with his arm. When the great force crashed into him, even his whole body had been crushed as the bangs rose into the air.

At the same time, the Ancient God with the seven stars at the center of his brows also let out a muffled groan. With a jolt, his huge fist was bounced back. Cracks signaling that his hand was shattering appeared on his fist with loud cracking sounds. As they spread out, they went through his whole arm as well. The Ancient God staggered several steps back and coughed up a mouthful of blood before swiftly lifting his head. A hint of shock appeared on his face.

“What great strength, but this power is still one of the barbarians… Hmm?”

The Ancient God with the seven stars at the center of his brows had only finished half of his sentence before he suddenly trembled. He coughed up blood again, and the cracks that were originally no longer spreading on his right arm let out a loud bang as if a new force had exploded within it. His huge right arm crumbled into pieces.

“The celestial origin of tremors… You managed to understand this sort of celestial origin with a barbarian’s body. It’s a pity… that you were born in the wrong place. If you were in my homeland, you would have been a prodigy.

“It’s also a pity that you have only gained superficial knowledge regarding the celestial origin of tremors and can only execute one tremor. If you understood the ultimate power of nine tremors, then I would not have been your opponent when you delivered that punch.”

The Ancient God’s words held a hint of pity, but there was an aloof look in his eyes. He took a swift step forward, then raised his left hand and went to seize Su Ming’s mangled body. He was clearly intending to fulfill his words from before—to eat Su Ming and see how he tasted.

Su Ming sighed in his heart. At that moment, he was in an illusory state. When his body shattered, his soul, which had entered the body for the trial, had already left. At that moment, he floated in the galaxy and watched the Ancient God’s right arm disappear while the giant moved towards the spot where his torn body lay.

Su Ming was also quite shocked. He had finally come to understand the strength of the Ancient God with seven stars at the center of his brows. Su Ming… was not his opponent… but Su Ming was confident that if his physical body had been there, he would not have died from a single punch. He would still have the strength to stand!

Su Ming was also confident that if he could seize back his real physical body, the Ancient God would not have lost just one arm.

However, all of this was just speculation. What concerned the battle, he had survived under the Moon Gathering from the Well and killed the black-robed man. He could complete the trial by finished one of the four requests, and he had completed two.

As he sighed, Su Ming waited to be returned from the illusory battlefield. At that instant, everything before Su Ming’s eyes came to a complete halt, just like before, as if the world had been frozen in place. The ancient voice seemed to hesitate for a moment before it slowly resounded in space.

“Your soul… is very strange…”

Su Ming’s eyes shrank in a barely noticeable manner. He did not speak.

“There are plenty of inadequacies in the divine ability and power you used to shatter the Ancient God’s right arm just now. Seven-tenths of your power spread out when you delivered that punch, and it did not gather together.

“In truth, the difference between you and the Ancient God is not great… He should not have been able to shatter your body with one punch, even if you only had your soul here.” When the ancient voice reverberated in the air, Su Ming did not say a word, just stood in silence.

“Similarly, you’ve trained your God Slayer Art in the wrong manner. It contains the power of slashing, hitting, and tremors, but you have only gained a superficial knowledge of it, and there are plenty of things missing…

“If you could have had all your power gather in one spot so that it wouldn’t spread out, you could have fought toe to toe against the Ancient God. If you gained an even deeper understanding of the power of tremors, then you could have killed that Ancient God.

“Your soul… is very strange… It has a presence with which I am familiar, but I can’t remember to whom it belonged. This is a memory from a long, long time ago.” There was a hint of sentimentality in the ancient voice as it reverberated in space before slowly falling into silence.

Some time passed before the ancient voice suddenly spoke once more.

“Do you… want to try again?”

Su Ming’s eyes swiftly focused. A brilliant shine flashed through them.

“May I?”

“As long as you wish.”

“Then I want to!”

When Su Ming’s words tumbled out of his mouth, everything in the area instantly started going in reverse. Time looked as if it was flowing back at that moment, and in an instant, when everything returned to normal, Su Ming discovered to his shock that he was back in the battlefield, and the huge fist from the Ancient God with the seven stars came charging towards him like a meteor in the universe.

Everything had returned to the moment before Su Ming attacked.

Light shone brilliantly in his eyes, and the moon of those in Lunar Kalpa Realm manifested behind him. He raised his right hand, clenched it, and moved, turning into a long arc that charged towards the Ancient God’s incoming fist.

This time, when he rushed forward, the ancient voice spoke in his mind.

“Focus your mind on your soul, then focus your soul on your arm. Forget about everything else and turn your mind, soul, and body into your fist.

“When your mind becomes your sole focus, you can focus it on your soul, and when you can merge your mind and soul together, you can forget about your body…”
