# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1099

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Haha! Congratulations on anointing your Dynasts, Morning Dao Sect. I look forward to how majestic they will become. This time, I came on behalf of my father to congratulate you and become acquainted with Morning Dao Sect’s Dynasts,” the handsome third prince said while standing on a gigantic Abyss Dragon. He did not even need to show his cultivation base show for his presence alone to be peerless.

He came from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, the only one who had Abyss Dragons.

As the twenty-four Sect Masters from Morning Dao Sect smiled, the one thousand Abyss Dragons circled above the Vermilion Bird’s continent. The cultivators from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World standing on them descended after the third prince grabbed Yu Xuan by his side and landed first.

When they left the one thousand Abyss Dragons, the beasts immediately roared towards the sky, deafening the crowd. Their eyes shone with a fierce light, and they glared at the four Saint Beasts who supported the continents in Morning Dao Sect.

“Shut up,” the third prince said faintly. When he spoke, it looked as if one thousand invisible hands had seized the one thousand Abyss Dragons and cut off their roars.

This scene immediately caused the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect to look at him askance, but naturally, there were a few people who could tell that the third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World was putting on a show.

Abyss Dragons were not ordinary creatures. They possessed intelligence akin to that of a normal person and would naturally not roar like wild beasts in this sort of situation. It was clear that the third prince had asked them to do this in advance so that he could show his power.

“Welcome, my fellow Daoists from the True Worlds. We welcome you in our ceremony here in Morning Dao Sect. Today is the day of the Anointment Ceremony. Everyone…” the seventy-two Sect Masters in the sky had spread out at that moment to surround the area. Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing stood in the distance with smiles on their faces. The person who spoke was Sect Master Yue.

However, before he could finish speaking, a hoarse, cold snort cut him off.

Tens of thousands of ancient bronze swords shone with a sharp light above the White Tiger’s continent. Among the many tables on the continent stood the Old You and Ming along with the middle-aged man in Life Realm. The one who spoke was Old Ming, and his words were brusque. “I’ll ask a second time, where is Dao Kong?!”

When he spoke, his voice was like thunder that reverberated in all directions. It immediately caused the people from the Fourth True World who were on the Black Turtle’s continent to look at him askanc. Even the people from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World on the Vermilion Bird’s continent looked over.

All of them had heard Dao Kong’s name. Some of them were as calm as ever, some adapted odd expressions, while some smiled faintly, looking as if they were ready for an entertaining show.

“Dao Kong? The one who destroyed the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World stationed in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence in one go? I heard before that he is one of the Dynasts in Morning Dao Sect,” the third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World said languidly while smiling faintly.

His words might have seemed ordinary, but in truth, there was no doubt that he was just fanning the flames. After all, once the prideful third prince had learned of what Dao Kong did, he was in a state of shock for a long time. Even though he refused to believe in this matter, there was a strange jealousy growing in him.

By his side, Yu Xuan remained numb. Not a single change in her expression could be detected. It did not matter to her whether it was Dao Kong or anyone else, none of them could cause her heart to stir even a single bit.

Among the ones from the Fourth True World was an old man Lian Shan who kept a smile on his face. His thoughts could not be read, but by his side, Reverend Zi Long had a slightly complicated expression on his face. He sighed lightly.

The destruction of the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World stationed in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence and the appearance of the fifth kiln were more than enough. If he did not understand these hints and did not know that the person he’d met before was the current Dynast Dao Kong, he would be unworthy of his level of cultivation and would not have the right to be known by the others as Reverend Zi Long.

Everything that happened in the fifth kiln and the fifth ocean were things that would be difficult for him to forget in his life, especially in regards to Dao Kong who’d risen to such power. A hint of admiration formed in the depths of his heart towards that man.

“Right now, we are holding our Anointment Ceremony, so Old Ming, please control yourself a little. The Dao Kong you wish to see is about to arrive soon,” Sect Master Yue said flatly after casting a cold glance at You and Ming of True Sacred Yin World.

The Old Ming let out a cold bark of laughter, but he did not speak. His previous words were just to show the other True Worlds True Sacred Yin World’s domineerance and that… they would absolutely not let this matter go so easily.

It also made the other True Worlds who wanted to interfere to think carefully before they acted.

“The Anointment Ceremony starts now. We welcome the three Great Dynasts of Morning Dao Sect!” Elder Yue’s voice was calm.

When it echoed in the air, he raised his arms and swung them. The world immediately roared. When a loud bang shook the area, three long arcs descended from the sky.

They immediately attracted the attention of all the cultivators in the area, especially those from True Sacred Yin World. They even looked over with killing intent in their eyes.

Compared to the calmness exuded by the old man in blue, Reverend Zi Long immediately fixed his gaze on the three long arcs, then locked onto the purple long arc at the center.

The third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World looked over coldly. By his side, Yu Xuan looked ahead. Her gaze was empty as if her soul was not inside her body.

With a loud bang, all three long arcs descended. Once they did so and the light from them grew to a dazzling degree, voice came from the Azure Dragon’s continent and the space beneath it.

“Greetings, Your Highnesses!”

The tumbling voices could have drowned out thunder. As they reverberated in the air, the seventy-five scattered Sect Masters wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed together to the three long arcs which had descended.

When the dazzling light spread out, the purple, red, and orange lights instantly reached a dazzling degree before they vanished to reveal Dao Kong, Dao Lin, and Dao Hua!

Around Dao Hua’s body were nine lotuses. The power of those in Solar Kalpa Realm spread from him due to him not attempting to hide even a single bit of it. There was arrogance on his face, along with excitement.

As for Dao Lin, he had twelve lotuses surrounding him. The power of those in Mastery Realm spread out from him, causing him to instantly become the center of attention.

However, their ability to capture the other people’s attention had only lasted for an instant before everyone’s eyes were drawn to Su Ming.

Long red hair, bloodshot eyes, bloodthirstiness in his crazed gaze, eighteen lotuses which should have been white but had now been dyed blood-red and were shining with a crimson light that wrought fear to the other people’s hearts.

This was Su Ming when the emotions he’d suppressed all his life burst out and the desire for destruction filled every part of his body. There was a strong malicious air about him!

His appearance instantly made him the center of attention, attracting the gazes of all the people in the area. An arrogant, domineering presence filled with an air of those with an absolute disregard for laws spread out with a bang from the crimson-haired Su Ming.

The domineering will was a madness belonging to those who would kill the moment they arrived at a disagreement with someone else. His arrogance was a madness that allowed him to destroy an entire camp from a True World. The presence belonging to those with an absolute disregard for laws was a terrifying attitude that put not mind to any sort of consequences.

All those who met Su Ming’s gazes felt their hearts tremble. Su Ming’s gaze, which was filled with destruction, shot through their hearts like arrows, and they sucked in sharp breaths of air.

It was especially so for the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect. They might have witnessed everything regarding Su Ming’s journey, but they had never seen him with his hair red. When they saw him at that moment, their hearts trembled.

Yu Xuan was looking ahead blankly. Even when Su Ming appeared, she did not lift her head. Nothing in this place could stir up her emotions. She might have stepped into Morning Dao Sect, but while this place might be True Morning Dao World, it was not Yin Death Region, not the land of Berserkers. The ninth summit she was familiar with was not there… and neither was he.

That was why she did not lift her head.

However, when she noticed that the third prince of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World had sucked in a sharp breath upon raising his head in front of her, she looked up as well and saw a person standing in the air like the sun at noon. The two people beside him seemed to have become like green leaves used as decorations for him to stand out more. While examining him, she saw his red eyes.

That one glance caused Yu Xuan’s body to tremble furiously. She fixed her gaze on Su Ming, and the apathy in her instantly disappeared, as if her soul had swiftly returned to her body during that moment. The lustreless look in her eyes vanished, replaced by a hint of spiritedness and rapid breathing.

She did not dare believe her own eyes. Her body trembled. She gripped the corners of her sleeves tightly. During that moment, she forgot everything and everyone around her. There was only one person in her eyes, only Su Ming.

The person looked unfamiliar yet he felt incredibly familiar. That familiarity was buried deep in her soul, and it was a beautiful memory she would never forget in her life.

Su Ming’s appearance might have changed, but his soul had not changed. His presence might be different from the past… but Yu Xuan’s will had been in the kiss to deliver the breath to complete his soul. That breath was in his soul, and they… had long since fused together.

He could deceive everyone else, but he could not deceive Yu Xuan!

She bit her bottom lip, and a smile gradually appeared on her face. It was a smile that had not graced her face no matter whether she was sleeping or awake during the course of the past one thousand something years. There was livelines in that smile along with mischievousness, deep and fond remembrance, and gentleness that would not disappear. It was as if she had been revived and fully woken up from apathy. She smiled, and her smile was incredibly beautiful, unforgettable to anyone who caught at least a glimpse of it.

It was an expression that belonged to Yu Xuan. It was a smile that was mischievous and adorable, and smile that was like dazzling fireworks in her glistening eyes moist with tears.

She stared at Su Ming.

The obsession in that look of hers seemed to have been noticed by Su Ming’s currently crazed heart. It caused him to lower his head, and his gaze shot through the one thousand Abyss Dragons towards the Vermilion Bird’s continent where resided the people from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. Right there was also Yu Xuan, staring at him from behind the third prince.

That one look…

Su Ming jolted. He saw a figure that even when he had sunken into madness and his heart was filled with the desire for destruction, he would still be unable to forget!

His madness was a bloodlust to destroy all the living, but that figure had been branded in his mind so deep that even if the universe collapsed, he would still be unable to wipe it away from his memories.

“Do you know why I’m called Yu Xuan..? The meaning for Xuan is daylily, and it is a type of flower that forgets sadness. I’m a daylily in the rain. This is the name my mother gave me. She wanted me to forget the sadness in my life and be happy forever… My mother is calling me now. I’ll be leaving to reunite with my mother… Before I leave, I’ll give you a gift.”

The kiss in the past had turned into the long look at that moment. If the galaxy was destroyed and the broken shards arranged into a canvas, what would appear on them would be her face…
