# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 639

Even if Su Ming had not made full preparations for this and there was a high possibility that he would fail, he still chose to attempt breaking into the Berserker Soul Realm!

Because the completion Su Ming had gained meant that he would no longer be trying to breakthrough into the normal Berserker Soul Realm, but would be heading straight into the great completion of the Berserker Soul Realm. He would be leaping across a huge Realm!

He could not choose to give up on this. Even if he failed, he would need to have the courage to face failure head-on!

Su Ming's eyes shone and he charged deeper into the ground. When he could no longer determine the distance between him and the surface, and when the pressure from the ground grew to a mighty degree, Su Ming sat down on a crystal vein. There was no earth around him, because it had spread outwards due to the pressure, revealing an empty space of around a hundred something feet wide.

It was quiet there. Not a single sound could be detected. Su Ming closed his eyes while in a meditative position, and as he circulated all his power within him, his Qi began rising nonstop.

The speed of that increase was so great that his Qi reached its pinnacle in an instant, and during that moment, the principles Tian Xie Zi had told his disciples regarding trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm all those years ago reverberated in Su Ming's head.

The main idea of Berserker Soul lay in the soul. It was the great completion of the Berserker Mark. A Berserker needed to activate the power of all his Berserker Bones in his body to stimulate his Berserker Mark. Then, once it gained physical form, it would become a soul! That soul would be able to communicate with the world, allow the person to use the power of the world, and allow them to go through a change in nature!

It could also be called a metamorphosis of the soul!

A Berserker Mark's transformation into a soul would gather up the Berserker's will and all his Qi as well as blood inheritance to form his own statue of the God of Berserkers. Then, with the statue as a reflection of themselves, they would be able to enter Berserker Soul Realm after fusing with it!

'Dark Mountain is my mark… and the ninth summit is also part of my mark!' Su Ming's Berserker Mark formed on his face, and the ninth summit's mark also manifested on his body. The grass, plants, houses, and everything else were reflected clearly on him.

A Berserker Mark was born from the heart and shown on the body. It was the entirety of a person's heart and soul!

"Dark Mountain is my soul," Su Ming mumbled. Immediately, the mountain that seemed to possess five fingers on his face twisted and gradually appeared behind him, as if it had turned into a mountain that was buried underground!

"The ninth summit is my spirit." Right before Su Ming's eyes, Tian Xie Zi, second senior brother, eldest senior brother, Hu Zi… and everything else in the ninth summit showed up.

With a bang, the ninth summit manifested in front of him. It was positioned directly opposite of the Dark Mountain behind him, and both mountains stirred up a series of loud bangs in the depths of the ground.

"My Berserker Soul is my eternal connection with Dark Mountain… and my everlasting gratitude towards ninth summit!" Su Ming lifted his hands and waved them, with a bright light shining in his eyes.

He felt as if could see his elder and everything within Dark Mountain, could even hear the faint moaning sounds of the xun in his ears, bringing with it an air of sadness and desolation, but at the same time, he also saw the setting sun on the ninth summit.

All of these things gradually fused together before his eyes, and once they overlapped with each other, he could no longer see clearly. Faint cracking sounds rang in his head, as if some sort of seal within him begun to break at that instant!

"Destiny will be my sky."

As Su Ming mumbled softly, the rumbling sounds from the depths of the ground reverberated once again, and the earth all around him started trembling. Right above him, an infant's shadow appeared, but that shadow continuously changed, occasionally turning into a young man with purple hair, and the murderous aura, as well as the aura of death, around him surged into the sky. It was so strong that it made the ground tremble without stop, as if even the earth itself was afraid of this illusory shadow.

"My soul is in the world!"

Su Ming moved his arms swiftly, and his divine sense spread outwards with his movements, fusing into the Dark Mountain, the ninth summit, and Destiny. With his will as the center and his soul as the bond gathering them together, Dark Mountain, ninth summit, and Destiny's shadow slowly approached each other, and they began showing signs of fusing!

Su Ming started trembling. He could feel that the power pulling these three things closer and fusing them together was the Berserker power stored in all his blood and flesh as well as his Berserker Bones. With everything in his body, he was slowly fusing the three things together.

Once the fusion was complete and the three became one in soul, then it would mean that Su Ming had finished his first step in trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm! The next step would then be a reflection of that soul by forming a statue of the God of Berserkers and activating the world in his body [1] so that he would enter Berserker Soul Realm!

Forget even the second step, the first step alone was already incredibly difficult for Su Ming. He had already made all his power erupt from his body, but he still could not make the three objects fuse together quickly. He could only make them slowly become one.

In fact, he had a constant feeling that he seemed to be lacking something, but he just could not tell what it was that he lacked.

Time passed. In the blink of an eye, six hours went by. Su Ming's entire body was drenched in sweat, and his face was pale, but he still gritted his teeth and persevered. The cracking sounds in his head were becoming more frequent, and the feeling as if a seal was being broken became even more distinct.

He had a strong hunch that once the seal in his mind was broken, then the inheritance Hong Luo had left behind of his Path to Life would completely surge out, and a part of Su Ming's own sealed memories would be activated. He would then be able to see all that had been buried within him!

Almost at the instant Su Ming tried fusing the three objects together and the seal in his mind continued breaking, the spiritual aura in Thousand River Valley started turning chaotic, and the weather in the sky also changed. Thunder rumbled above, and rain would occasionally pour down. At other times, snow would fall, and sometimes dark clouds would sink down as well.

These changes in the weather caused all the Evil Spirit Sect members in Thousand River Valley to feel shocked, and all of them lifted their heads to look.

'These are… the signs of a Berserker trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm!'

Shen Dong lifted his head and stared at the sky with an incredibly grave expression on his face. He could tell that this was not just any normal procedure of a Berserker trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm. This was just the beginning, and it had already caused this amount of change in the sky. By the looks of it, these changes would only become stronger as time passed.

In a mountain range in Eastern Wastelands that was located an unknown amount of distance from Su Ming was an endless amount of great halls standing erect on each of the mountains!

The buildings here seemed endless, and there were even more than a hundred palaces floating in the sky. Each of them shone with a piercing light, and from the distance, a person who saw them would discover to their amazement that there was a giant sword stabbed into the ground right at the center of this area. That sword was a hundred thousand feet tall, and sword aura was seeping out of its entire body to cover a circular area of several lis.

On the sword's hilt was a golden palace, and the light shining from it made it seem as if it was a golden sun!

This was where Great Leaf Immortal Sect's headquarters were located in the land of Berserkers!

At the same time these changes in the weather occurred, there were two people sitting directly opposite each other in that golden palace. These two people were different in shape and form, but their clothes were the exactly the same. They were both wearing an Emperor's robe and crown. They both possessed an aloof presence, and their expressions were cold.

One of them was dressed in a golden robe, and the other in a purple robe. The color might be different, but they were both Emperor's robes, and the presences from both their bodies were astonishingly similar.

If Su Ming saw that person in purple robes, he would definitely be able to tell with just one glance that this was the Di Tian that had fought against him in the Dead Sea island!

The person in golden robes… was also Di Tian!

These two people were the two clones Di Tian had sent into the land of Berserkers!

At the instant Su Ming tried reaching Berserker Soul Realm and the seal in his mind showed signs of breaking, the Di Tian in purple robes opened his eyes, and a surprised glare shone in the. He looked outside the palace swiftly and a frown appeared between his brows.

"I can feel his seal breaking…"

"I can't find where he's hiding!" The person who said these words was the clone in golden robes, once he also opened his eyes.

"He has already left our control…"

"Our real self already knows about this, but he still hasn't sent his will to us. He seems to be hesitating."

"Our plans over these numerous years have gone off track because of Hong Luo. This is a crime so great for the royal blood in the land of Immortals that even death cannot pardon their sins!"

"His seal is breaking. It should be caused by him trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm… We cannot let him succeed!"

"Our real self hasn't sent his will over. We can just act according to the original will which he gave to us. The seal that has been placed on him by our real self over the countless reincarnations won't be so easily broken…"

As the two clones spoke calmly, the Di Tian in purple robes lifted his right hand and pressed his palm at the center of his brows. After a moment, when he lifted his hand, he brought out a greenish black stone from within his body.

An incredibly dense aura of death spread out from that stone. The aura of death surrounding it made it seem as if the stone had gathered the essence of hell on itself. It looked similar to the Bright Yang Stone, but its presence was completely different!

And more importantly, there was a picture on that stone, and it formed the contour of a person… who looked vaguely like Su Ming!

"He does not dare show up and reveal himself before me. He no longer dares fight against me and stayed hidden for many years… I might still be unable to find him… but I can make the seal placed on him stronger!" the Di Tian in purple robes said calmly and lifted his left hand before straightening it and pressing his palm swiftly on that greenish black stone. With it, the aura of death on the stone trembled.

At the same time, a violent shudder wrecked Su Ming's body as he was meditating under the endless depths of Thousand River Valley while fusing Dark Mountain, ninth summit, and Destiny together into a soul while the seal in his mind continued breaking.

A sharp stab of pain erupted from his mind, and that pain caused his eyes to instantly become bloodshot. It was as if a wave of power had appeared out of nowhere and caused the seal in his mind to become stronger in a heartbeat. The signs of it breaking instantly vanished.

The pain came too suddenly, causing Su Ming's body to tremble, and the three objects that were fusing into a soul before him immediately started showing signs of dissipating before crumbling with a bang.

Once that happened, Dark Mountain vanished, ninth summit disappeared, and Destiny was also gone without a trace. All these things returned into Su Ming's body once again, causing him to fail in his attempt to reach Berserker Soul Realm…

Su Ming coughed up a mouthful of blood. As his face turned pale, he endured the sharp pain in his mind and lifted his head swiftly. Red filled his eyes, and a crazed killing intent raged wildly within them.

"Di Tian!"

The murderous intent within Su Ming's voice caused murderous aura to rise from him and surge into the sky. His will to kill Di Tian reached its pinnacle.

At that moment, an incredibly powerful will burst forth within Su Ming's mind.

'I'll kill Di Tian!'

This was the first time the thought of killing Di Tian had appeared Su Ming's mind, he no longer thought of hiding and dodging his oppressor!

Translator's Note:

1. Body as world: Is what I believe is related to the idea of body as cosmos in Taoism/Daoism. Here is a link, just scroll to "Body and Cosmos"

http://www.goldenelixir.com/taoism/views_of_the_body.html
