# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 640

Even if Di Tian had not attacked this time, the chances of Su Ming succeeding in reaching Berserker Soul Realm were still incredibly slim. He had expected this earlier and had felt it deeply when he was going through the entire process of trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm.

However, it did not matter whether he would succeed or fail, Su Ming would still choose not to run from it. Even if he failed, he would still try looking for the sparkle that would lead him to success in his failure, but this time, the reason for his failure was not due to himself, but because of Di Tian's seal!

This feeling where his breakthrough had been cut off by someone else made Su Ming's killing intent towards Di Tian run even deeper!

Su Ming wiped away the blood at the corners of his lips. The red that had filled his eyes only started scattering away after a long time had passed, but even though the killing intent in his eyes was hidden away, it still showed in the dark look on Su Ming's face.

"If I don't kill Di Tian, I won't be able reach Berserker Soul Realm!" Su Ming spat out each of the words, and each one contained his desire to kill Di Tian.

But it did not mean that Su Ming had not gained anything from his failure this time. At the very least, he knew that reaching Berserker Soul Realm could break that invisible seal placed on his memories, and the breaking of it would attract Di Tian's attention, and that person would jump in to interfere with his breakthrough!

If that was the case, then if he did not kill Di Tian, the same thing would happen when he attempted his second breakthrough to the Berserker Soul Realm, and it would also be the same for his third time. This was something Su Ming could not accept. There was only one path lying before him at that moment, and that was… to kill Di Tian!

But Di Tian was incredibly strong… Su Ming did not have the confidence to kill him.

With a dark look on his face, he closed his eyes and calmed down his cultivation base, causing the power that had turned chaotic in his body due to his failure to reach Berserker Soul Realm to gradually calm down and the chaotic state in his body to slowly return to normal. In the end, all his power fused back together and circulated through his body.

Golden light shone on Su Ming's body. This was the direct manifestation of all his blood, flesh, and bones turning into those of a true Berserker. A powerful presence spread out of his body, causing all the earth around him to fall back and coagulate, and the crystal vein beneath his body to shatter inch by inch before turning into dust.

This presence and the powerful might spreading out of Su Ming's body at that moment was slightly stronger than before he tried reaching Berserker Soul Realm. Once that power completed several circles of circulation and returned the body to normal, the brilliant light that shone in Su Ming's eyes the moment he opened them was enough to pierce through all nine layers in the ground.

The depths shuddered lightly, as if they could not bear the mighty pressure that spread out once Su Ming opened his eyes.

"I failed in reaching Berserker Soul Realm, but not only did my power not dwindle, it increased slightly… With an eight or nine-tenths of my cultivation base, I can fight against a Berserker who has attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm and not fall behind. I can fight against them on equal grounds!

"With my cultivation base fully restored, I should be able to win against a Berserker who has attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm! Right now…" Su Ming's gaze was biting cold as he mumbled to himself.

"I'm halfway… to Life Cultivation?" Su Ming remained silent for a moment before he shook his head.

'Only when I succeed in reaching Berserker Soul Realm can I be considered halfway to reaching Life Cultivation. Right now, I'm just infinitesimally close to it, but there are only few who could win against me under Life Cultivation Realm!'

Su Ming stood up slowly, and with one step, his body swiftly disappeared. When he reappeared, he was still in the depths of the ground, and after several warps, he appeared in the cave abode, and Bao Qiu's urgent call emerged deep in his heart.

By the looks of it, this was not the first time she had called out to him, but since Su Ming had been in the depths of the ground recovering his cultivation base and trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm, that call was lost in the waves of power and pressure produced during his activities.

Su Ming lifted his head and cast a glance at the roof in the cave abode. After a moment of pensive silence, he moved towards the entrance to the cave and gradually vanished.

There was a large number of Evil Spirit Sect members within Thousand River Valley looking at the sky at that moment. When the numerous strange phenomena slowly disappeared and the sky returned to normal, these people slowly fell silent while still harboring a large amount of questions within them.

Most of the people here could guess that the change in the weather was due to a Berserker trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm, and it was not an easy breakthrough. There should be some sort of change no one knew about contained within.

Yet no matter what, the strange phenomena in the world had vanished, and no statue of the God of Berserkers had appeared. This meant that the person who tried reaching Berserker Soul Realm had failed.

Reaching Berserker Soul Realm among the Berserkers was a life and death situation. Once they failed, then their bodies and souls would be destroyed. There were few exceptions to this, and that was why most of the people here believed that the person who had failed in reaching Berserker Soul Realm just now had died.

Shen Dong frowned. In the mid of his uncertainty, he believed that this was not what had happened, but this was just a feeling he had, and he did not have too much time to investigate it. That's why he just shook his head and put this matter aside.

The long arcs that had been forced to stop in the distance beyond Thousand River Valley now began to rush back once more. All of the people within these long arcs were Evil Spirit Sect disciples. It was as if they had received some sort of order during the past few days and were all hurrying towards Thousand River Valley in succession to obey that order.

Right then, there were thousands of Evil Spirit Sect disciples in Thousand River Valley. However, there were even more Berserkers who had changed their blood inheritance among these people, and they numbered to nearly ten thousand!

It caused Thousand River Valley to become incredibly lively during these past few days, and the sounds of human chatter were loud in the air. If anyone took a closer look, they would be able to find some hints of what was going on. These Evil Spirit Sect disciples who had gathered in Thousand River Valley were mostly solemn, and there was even a desolate air lingering around them, though it was vague and indistinct. The loud human chatter, too, slowly disappeared as the days went by, until all the people eventually fell silent.

Day by day, they quietly trained, quietly polished their Enchanted Treasures and swords, quietly looked at the world, and quietly accumulated the murderous look in their eyes.

Bao Qiu meditated within her hall, located at the top of one of the mountains in Thousand River Valley. There were plenty of seals placed around her, and most of the time, her expression was sullen when she was in her usual old woman's disguise, making it seem as if she did not want anyone getting close to her. This was one of the reason why the hall where she stayed was incredibly deserted.

At that moment, she was calling out to Su Ming repeatedly in the depths of her heart. This had lasted for an entire week, but every single time she called out, her voice would sink like a stone falling into the sea. No response would be given to her, and it was as if Su Ming had left, completely forgetting this place.

An anguished look appeared on Bao Qiu's face and she sighed.

'There's still two days left until we have to depart, but he still hasn't replied… even though I can sense that he's close to this place…'

Bao Qiu's expression constantly changed. She had a seal placed on her soul and her life was no longer in her hands. When she thought of the great battle that would occur two days later and she remembered that she had to dissipate her soul as one of the members to set up Evil Spirit Sect's Sky Devourer Rune because of all the souls of those who formed this Sky Devourer Rune had to be fused together to activate this powerful Rune, Bao Qiu smiled bitterly.

She wasn't certain whether anyone would be able to find anything off about her once her soul fused with the others. But based on her analysis, the chances of this matter being discovered were quite high. After all, the person who would manage this Great Sky Devourer Rune was Sir Ji An's personal attendant, and that person's level of cultivation was higher than Shen Dong's.

That was why she had been calling out to Su Ming urgently during the past few days, so that they could find a solution to this problem. After all, she would be in great trouble if something wrong was discovered about her when they activated the Great Sky Devourer Rune.

'Oh well, if he still hasn't responded to my call before I leave, then I will have to go to Sect Elder Shen Dong and tell him the truth… But his seal on me…' Bao Qiu struggled for a moment before she sighed resignedly.

At the moment she heaved out that sigh, a chill suddenly ran down her spine, because right, a cold voice rang in her ears.

"What is it that made you call me so many times?"

Bao Qiu shuddered, and when she turned her head around, she saw that Su Ming had appeared not too far behind her at some point. The familiar sight of his white robes as well as his long hair made Bao Qiu immediately wrap her fist in her palm before she bowed towards him.

"Greetings, Master.

"Master, Evil Sect has issued an order to launch an all out attack. Two days later, the entire combat force of Evil Sect will be fighting against all the other Immortal sects, who will be led by Great Leaf Immortal Sect. At that time, Evil Spirit Sect will be forming the Great Sky Devourer Rune…" Bao Qiu lowered her head and quickly told Su Ming the things that had brought about her anxiety over the past few days.

Yet when she finished speaking, she did not receive any reply from Su Ming. She hesitated for a moment before she lifted her head to look at Su Ming. Then, she saw a pensive look in his eyes, as if he was distracted by some consideration.

When Bao Qiu saw a faint hint of killing intent shining in that pensive look in his eyes, her heart trembled, and she did not dare look him in the eye anymore.

She had a vague feeling that Su Ming was a little different from how he was in the past, but she could not describe what was unlike before. Right now, she felt the same kind of anxiety within her as she did when she had to meet Sir Ji An in the past.

"Did you just say… Great Leaf Immortal Sect?" Su Ming asked unhurriedly after some time, and his gaze landed on Bao Qiu's face.

This was not the first time Su Ming had learned of the Great Leaf Immortal Sect. In truth, as time passed and he gained more exposure, he had been able to tell from various clues that there were several other huge Immortal sects besides Evil Sect in Eastern Wastelands and South Morning.

Hidden Dragon Sect had clearly targeted the Shamans, and also had an incredibly great amount of influence in Eastern Wastelands.

From the name itself, he could tell that Sky Mist Dao was connected to Sky Mist's ancestor, and Tian Lan Meng was also in there.

As for Great Leaf Immortal Sect, it had occupied the land of Berserkers in South Morning and the most important parts in Eastern Wastelands. Di Tian's servant was from this sect… and Di Tian was clearly also from this sect!

"Yes. This time our major opponent is Great Leaf Immortal Sect. After all, the Emperors from Hidden Dragon Sect and Sky Mist Dao have not descended here. Besides Evil Sect having the presence of Sir Ji An among us in Eastern Wastelands, only Great Leaf Immortal Sect has favorable climatic and topographical elements that allowed Di Tian of the five Emperors to send two of his clones here.

"They are our greatest enemy!" Bao Qiu quickly said, and when she mentioned Great Leaf Immortal Sect possessing favorable climatic and topographical elements, she instinctively cast Su Ming a glance.

"Two clones!" A barely noticeable glint shone in Su Ming's eyes, and his mood grew even more sullen. He could tell that Bao Qiu was not lying, and neither was there any need for her to lie about this. If that was the case, his guess had been slightly wrong. Di Tian had not sent one clone to this place this time… but two!

After a moment of pensive silence, Su Ming's eyes shone with a strange light and he suddenly asked, "How confident are you to win this battle?" .

"With Sir Ji An around, its fifty-fifty on who wins," Bao Qiu said softly, after hesitating slightly.

"Ji An…" Su Ming mumbled. He had heard this name multiple times when he was in Evil Spirit Sect. Gradually, a dark smile curled up on his lips.
