# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 641

'The time limit to gather ten million lis blood light from Eastern Wastelands Tower is only a thousand days… and the more this drags on, the more disadvantageous it would be for the Immortals. This would mean that they're just giving a perfect chance for Berserkers!

'That's why Ji An is in such a hurry to launch a full scale battle between Evil Sect and all the other sects, and this must also be the other sects' intention as well. They want to determine who would win and lose with just one battle!

'Perhaps there's some form of trade going on behind the scenes beyond Yin Death Region. Are they going to determine who will be the ones taking charge and who will be the ones who can only follow when they enter Eastern Wastelands Tower with this battle…?'

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes as he started analyzing the situation. He might not have concrete evidence to back up his guesses, but he should be close to the truth. After all, this was one of the few methods that could resolve the plan the first God of Berserkers had set up for Eastern Wastelands Tower.

'The main part of this battle is the fight between Di Tian's two clones and Ji An himself, only then will come the fight between the disciples from the other Immortal sects.

'But since Ji An would dare to launch this battle, then he must have some sort of confidence. If that's the case… Di Tian, you will die!' The killing intent in Su Ming's eyes shone brighter. He wanted to kill Di Tian, but due to his level of cultivation and Di Tian's great strength, it was difficult for him to fulfill his wish.

But if Di Tian did not die, then it would be impossible for him to reach Berserker Soul Realm. Because of this, his desire to kill Di Tian grew even stronger.

'I'm not your opponent if I face you head-on, but if I hide myself and mix with the cultivators from Evil Sect… then when you fight against Ji An and think that I will absolutely not choose to attack during the battle, my chances of killing you will raise to the highest possible level!

'Ji An from Evil Sect will surely not give up that perfect chance either!' Su Ming laughed coldly in his heart. After mulling over this particular thought carefully in his head, a determined look appeared on his face.

"With me around, I won't let anyone be able to see any sort of problems on you when you cast that Great Sky Devourer Rune. When you leave two days later, I will go with you and fight against those Immortal sects!" Su Ming waved his arm in dismissal and no longer paid any attention to Bao Qiu, disappearing without a trace from the hall with a single step.

Only Bao Qiu remained in the hall with a stunned look on her face. After a moment, a puzzled expression appeared on her face, but she soon seemed to have remembered something. A shudder ran through her body, and she whipped her head around and looked at the entrance to the hall, her breathing picking up in speed. She only managed to recover after a long time had passed.

'Could it be… that the rumors about Di Tian and Destiny are real?!'

With Di Tian's strength, it was difficult to judge the possibility of anyone ambushing him while his two clones fought against Ji An.

Even for a powerful Immortal in Ascendance, it would still be difficult for him to be useful unless he self-destructed. At the very most, he would only be able to provide a few chances for Ji An to be on the offensive.

If it was a low leveled Immortal in Ascendance, then he would not even need to bother about attacking, because he would be completely useless. Unless a person's power had surpassed that of Ascendance and they could fight against one of Di Tian's clones on his own, only then would things be perfect for Ji An.

Su Ming did not possess this sort of power. Perhaps more accurately speaking, he did somewhat have this power, but compared to that, what was even better was that he was familiar with Di Tian's divine abilities! After all, when Hong Luo was in control of his body, he had fought against Di Tian, and after Hong Luo disappeared, Su Ming had killed one of them himself!

In fact, just a few years ago, he had engaged in a shocking battle against one of Di Tian's clone on the Dead Sea island. During that battle, Su Ming might have needed the old xun maker's help to escape, but if he did not possess the ability to force Di Tian's clone into a pathetic state, then even with the old xun maker's help, Su Ming would have still been unable to escape.

Su Ming had not died in all three battles against Di Tian, and now, he was about to take the initiative and launch the fourth one!

'I can't depend on Ji An for the success of this battle…'

Su Ming appeared at the edge of Thousand River Valley. This was the place where most Outer Sect disciples gathered. He searched for a slightly more remote place before he sat down and sank into his thoughts.

He touched his storage bag. He had retrieved the God of Berserkers' spike after he had used it all those years ago, and while that spike could still be used, he had to be much more careful with his timing this time compared to the past, or else it would not make much of a difference.

A flicker of light shone in Su Ming's eyes, and he patted his storage bag with his right hand. A ray of dark light appeared before it instantly vanished into Su Ming's mouth, and it immediately began receiving nourishment in his body. That light had contained the spike!

'All of my Enchanted Treasures were destroyed during that battle… One of the only things I can still use is the might of the one mountain Han Mountain Bell absorbed from Eastern Wastelands Bell. The bell's power has increased by quite a large margin because of this, so at least I'll be able to use it.

'And then there's the divine lightning Di Tian was incredibly wary of in the past!' Su Ming's eyes sparkled. The powerful strength that had erupted from the nine-holed cauldron that day was something he still could not forget up to this date.

'Aside from this, I have three other divine abilities with me which Di Tian's clone hasn't seen me use before. They might prove useful!' In silence, the first thing Su Ming thought of was the grass knot puppet Art he had learned!

'It's a pity that I'd need Di Tian's hair or a personal belonging of his to cast this Art… Hmm?' Su Ming's pupils constricted. A thought had suddenly struck him.

As that thought popped up in his head, Su Ming's heart immediately started racing and pounding against his chest.

'Perhaps I won't need his hair or his personal belongings… As long as Di Tian's mind exists in something and he has an incredibly close connection to it, then I might be able to use it…

'And even if that something is a person, I can still use it! As long as that person is someone close to Di Tian and is mentally connected to him, then I should be able to do it!' A cold sneer curled up on Su Ming's lips. He had just remembered Di Tian's servant!

The old man in black Su Ming had captured in the World of Nine Yin was still in his possession. He had originally wanted to learn about Destiny from that old man's mouth, but now, he would be the best possible tool in his plot against Di Tian!

'This person is Di Tian's servant and he was sent here to keep an eye on me, so clearly, he is a trusted subordinate… He could also communicate with Di Tian and was protected by Di Tian's clone in the past, had even fused with him. That's why… this person is definitely mentally connected to Di Tian!' In the mid of such thoughts, Su Ming began laughing coldly in his heart.

'Di Tian, you placed a seal on me and could even bring about my failure through a long distanced attack when I tried to reach Berserker Soul Realm. Today, I will use this grass knot puppet Art and have you get a taste of your own medicine!' A ruthless look appeared in Su Ming's eyes, but it quickly vanished.

'There's also the Seven Abyssal Yin Death Seal. This is Shen Dong's divine ability, but since he's not from Yin Death Region, he couldn't reach completion in this Art. I copied it that day, and I'm quite certain I can execute it.' Su Ming closed his eyes, and once he mulled over that Verdant Abyssal Seal, he blinked them open. His desire to kill Di Tian grew stronger.

'The last one is…' Su Ming lifted his left hand and looked at four of his fingers. The indistinct runic symbols shining on their pads caused Su Ming's eyes to slowly be surrounded by brilliant light.

'Wind, rain, thunder, lightning… and winter!' Su Ming's gaze fell on his right little finger.

'Two days…'

Su Ming stood up and disappeared without a trace. When he disappeared, a shifty looking person walked out from the alley beside where he'd been sitting. When the stranger walked over, he started looking all around him, sighing without end.

"What should I do…? What should I do…? I'll definitely die in this battle… Qian Chen, oh Qian Chen, are you really going to die young…? Ah, the heavens really do hate talented people!"

That person was, of course, Qian Chen. He sat down right, with a sigh and a miserable look on his face, where Su Ming had been previously sitting and started daydreaming while looking at the sky.

"Ah… If I had known about this before, then I wouldn't have wasted all my efforts to descend here in secret. It would have been so much better if I had stayed up there… I could have gotten all the girls I wanted and all the spirit stones I wanted… It's my fault for being greedy. I thought I could get an easier life if I descended to the land of Berserkers." Qian Chen pulled his hair and his face was twisted in distress. Judging by his words, this person was an Immortal who had descended to the land of Berserkers!

But perhaps… he was the weakest cultivator to have ever descended.

While he was sighing, Su Ming had already returned to his cave abode. Once he sat down, he swung his arm, and a black ball of fog immediately appeared before him. Within it was the old man in black robes - Di Tian's servant. However, the area around him had already been sealed up, causing his presence to be unable to spread out.

Su Ming stared at the old man in black, and with a glint in his eyes, he immediately brought out a blade of grass before he started tying knots on it. With each one, he would extract a little piece of the old man's soul...

His killing intent and hate towards Di Tian caused all of the knots Su Ming tied to be filled with Curses, killing intent, and all sorts of sinister Arts. Within them were also madness, destruction, suppression, death, and all sorts of other thoughts he wished upon Di Tian.

As he tied those knots, wisps of chilling air spread out and absorbed the old man's soul before fusing it into the knots. Then, with the power from the knots, Su Ming started stirring up the faint connection between Di Tian and the old man in black robes.

With this connection, he would use this old man as a medium to Curse and plot against Di Tian! As Su Ming continuously played with this idea in his mind, he gradually found the dots connecting Di Tian and the old man, and slowly, he began to have a feeling as if he was looking at Di Tian when he stared at the grass-knot doll in his hand.

'If I don't kill Di Tian in this battle… I will definitely not be satisfied!

'If Di Tian doesn't die in this battle, then it will be me who will die!

'I cannot lose this battle!'

Su Ming held the doll, and the murderous aura on his face grew so thick that it caused a layer of frost to instantly appear in the cave abode.

Time passed, and two days were gone in the blink of an eye. Two hours before Evil Sect marched out, the sky was getting bright, and a faint green mark appeared on Su Ming's right palm.

There was a wave of death contained within it, one which wasn't dissipating. This was the key for Verdant Abyssal Seal, which Su Ming had gathered during these two days besides making that grass-knot doll. It was the key he had obtained when he copied Shen Dong's Seven Abyssal Yin Death Seal. It might not be complete and he would need to bear certain consequences when he activated it, but Su Ming still chose to use it.

He had seen the Art's might with his own eyes, and he had the confidence that the power of Yin Death from this Verdant Abyssal Seal activated with his own aura of death would be greater than what Shen Dong had managed to achieve!

Besides this green mark, Su Ming also held a grass-knot doll in his left hand. The old man in black robes had already disappeared, but there were wisps of chilling cold air coming from the doll. If anyone stared at it for a prolonged period of time, they would be able to hear shrill screams of pain coming from inside it.

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath. Once he put away the doll, he stood up and disappeared from his cave abode.
