# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 642

The disciples were still flying on something like the giant flying Feng Shui compass they used when they came to Thousand River Valley, but this time, there was not just one, but nine of those things!

The amount of Evil Spirit Sect disciples sitting on those nine gigantic Feng Shui compasses numbered to thousands. These disciples were all from the Outer Sect or were Berserkers who had changed their blood inheritance.

They looked like a large mass of black, and their sheer numbers gave off a feeling that there was great strength lying within them, simply because of just how numerous they were.

Beyond these nine Feng Shui compasses were eighteen gigantic Yin Dragons. They were formed by vengeful souls, and each of them were tens of thousands of feet long. They surrounded the Feng Shui compasses, and as they flew forward, their roars echoed in the air.

Nearly ten thousand people could be counted sitting on the Yin Dragons, and all of them were the elite disciples from Evil Spirit Sect. Their expressions were ghastly, and there was a wave of killing intent reflected off their aloof faces. As they sat on the gigantic dragons formed of dead spirits, they charged through the air.

There were two or three people sitting on each of the Yin Dragons' heads. Most of them were the powerful monsters within Evil Spirit Sect, and Shen Dong was standing on top of the head belonging to the dragon right in the front of the army. As for Bao Qiu, she was on the final Yin Dragon.

The presence alone from the army in the sky right then far surpassed what they had when they invaded Thousand River Valley. Clearly, the fight in the valley had just been a warmup, and the real battle had yet to begin.

Right behind these Yin Dragons were nine huge carriages. Each of them was thousands of feet big and covered by a large amount of runic symbols. No one could tell what was contained within them, but the slight waves of pressure spreading out from there allowed everyone to tell that there might be incredibly powerful murderous weapons contained within!

These carriages formed a vertical line and were dragged through the sky as if they were following the dragons' lead.

But that was not all. This might be able to show just how powerful Evil Spirit Sect was, but it did not show how domineering the sect was. However, once the churning dark clouds in the sky turned into gigantic skulls, it made Evil Spirit Sect's army look terrifying.

It was especially so when there was a large banner placed on the two Yin Dragons traveling at the left and right outermost edges of the army. These banners were larger than the dragons themselves, and were nearly a hundred thousand feet long. As the dragons charged through the air, the banners danced in the wind, causing all the people to definitely take notice of them when they caught sight of Evil Spirit Sect!

There were only three words on the left banner.

Evil Spirit Sect!

There were also only three words on the right banner, and they were words that would give off a bloodthirsty feel to anyone who saw them!

Massacre all lives!

The flapping sounds coming from the banners, as they danced in the wind, fused with the moaning cries in the air from the charging Yin Dragons' roars, turning into a strange, piercing sound that traveled in all directions as Evil Spirit Sect's army rushed forward.

Wherever they went, everyone on the ground would fall silent. It did not matter how strong the wild beasts were, they would all feel inferior and lower their heads as if they did not dare to look at the army. The numerous Berserker tribes on the land, too, fell silent.

Su Ming sat on one of the nine Feng Shui compasses surrounded by the eighteen Yin Dragons and looked at the sky before him with a calm face. He was circulating his power in preparation for this battle that would surely shake the skies.

Evil Spirit Sect could be completely destroyed and the Immortal sects could also be annihilated for all he cared. These things were none of his concern. The only thing that he cared about was Di Tian's death!

Di Tian had to die in this battle!

"Senior, we're really fated together! I didn't expect to see you again here. Senior, you have to save me this time…" At the moment killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes, a whimpering sound reached his ears.

Su Ming did not even need to turn around to know that it was Qian Chen.

The man was holding onto the handle prepared for everyone on the Feng Shui compass so that he would not be swept away by the wind pressure. He was circulating what little amount of cultivation base he had within his body rapidly, and once he managed to stabilize himself, albeit with much difficulty, he slowly moved around the eighth Feng Shui compass and started asking for help from a large number of people. Once he saw Su Ming, surprised delight immediately shone in his eyes, and he crawled over to him in desperation, looking at him with pleading eyes.

He knew that Su Ming was definitely not some ordinary person and was surely someone who had hidden his strength. Qian Chen also remembered how Su Ming had disappeared during the battle in Thousand River Valley.

"Senior, all four great sects in Evil Sects are going to march out this time, but we don't know where the gathering point is. However, all the prodigies in Evil Sect are definitely going to appear this time…

"It doesn't matter whether they're the old monsters or the new generation prodigies, all of them will appear… like Sikong from Evil Dust Sect. This person is the strongest among all the younger generation in Evil Dust Sect!

"He is someone who is equal to Shanhen from our sect…"

A thought appeared in Qian Chen's mind as his eyes twinkled, and he immediately started speaking about these things. He knew that he did not possess any valuable qualities for Su Ming to take care of him, but once he thought about why he would hide his power and come to Evil Spirit Sect, he knew that it would be best for Su Ming to know as much as possible about Evil Sect. At that moment, Qian Chen's life was in peril, and he really could care less about keeping the information about Evil Sect a secret from outsiders. He simply spilled whatever he knew to Su Ming.

He was an Immortal who descended to this land, and hence, no normal disciple would be able to compare to his status. It was also the reason why he knew a lot more things compared to other disciples.

"Sikong…" A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes and he turned his head sideways to cast the speaking man a glance.

Qian Chen's spirits were immediately lifted. He felt that he had just found his chance to show how useful he was, and he immediately spoke up.

"Senior, please look at that biggest man on the third Yin Dragon, he's Evil Spirit Sect's Shanhen!" Qian Chen pointed towards the third Yin Dragon in the distance, and when Su Ming looked over, he also saw the man standing at the top of the Yin Dragon's head.

That man was incredibly built, and as he stood there, he looked like a small hill. The waves of power coming from within him were not weak, and the vengeful souls surrounding his body gave off a feeling that would cause all those who saw him feel their hearts tremble against their will.

"Shanhen…" Su Ming looked at that man. In truth, when he first came to Evil Spirit Sect, he had already noticed this person, who had been feeding the vengeful souls at that time.

"Shanhen… Shan Hen…" If that matter with Bei Ling and Chen Xin had not occurred, Su Ming would not have thought too much about this. Yet now, he had already come to understand quite a large number of things, which was why he hadn't behaved strangely when they first met. He only cast the man a deep look before he averted his gaze.

'With my current appearance, all those people with these familiar names will be unable to recognize me,' Su Ming thought silently in his head.

"That Si Kong you mentioned just now, how do you spell his name?" Su Ming asked slowly.

"Sikong, without any space between the syllables [1]." Qian Chen was momentarily stunned. He did not know why Su Ming would suddenly ask such a question, but he quickly answered it anyway.

'Si Kong… Sikong…' Su Ming fell silent.

"Speaking of which, the strongest among the younger generation in Evil Spirit Sect isn't Shanhen, but Wu Shen[2]! But Wu Shen went out to train many years ago and he's not in the army right now. Still, I believe that the sect must have contacted him, since this is such a huge matter. We should be able to see this person when we reach Evil Sect's gathering spot." When Qian Chen saw that Su Ming was no longer asking any questions, he started talking about everything he knew once more.

"The strongest disciple in Evil Lust Sect is called Bi'su [3]. Er… The su in her name is pronounced softly[4]. Bi'su's a girl, but she's incredibly talented and has an incredibly shocking talent… Bi'su, Wu Shen, and Sikong can be said to be incredibly famous among all the Evil Sects in the land of Berserkers."

'Interesting…' A brilliant light shone in Su Ming's eyes.

'So Wind Stream Tribe's Wu Sen from my memories is the strongest disciple in Evil Spirit Sect! And that Bi Su from my memories is a girl called Bi'su!'

Su Ming remained calm though. This was not really a secret. It would not be difficult for him to learn about it if he really wanted to know it. What Qian Chen had told him was not really that valuable.

Perhaps it was because he had seen Su Ming's composure, but after a moment of hesitation, Qian Chen gritted his teeth and got closer to him whispering the next few things.

"There's also Sir Shen Dong from Evil Spirit Sect. Senior, you should be familiar with him, but you definitely wouldn't know that he has an extraordinary status in the land of Immortals. He's one of the three Apogees in the three inferior sects in Evil Sect!

"Evil Sect is divided into three superior sects and three inferior sects in the land of Immortals. The three inferior sects are Evil Spirit, Evil Dust, and Evil Lust, and as for the three superior sects, they are Evil Sky, Evil Dao, and Evil Immortal!

"This time, the one that descended to the land of Berserkers is one of the three superior sects, Evil Immortal Sect, and they brought with them the three inferior sects…"

A sparkle appeared in Su Ming's eyes and he looked towards Qian Chen.

When the man saw his interest, he quickly continued whispering to him.

"Sir Shen Dong is one of the three Apogees in the three inferior sects, and the other two Apogees are Sir Shihai[5] from Evil Dust Sect, as well as Bitu[6] from Evil Lust Sect!

"These three people have all reached great circle in Ascendance, and all of them possess the constitution to be able to descend to the land of Berserkers with their full form. The limitations set by the laws of Yin Death in the land of Berserkers are practically nothing to them!

"They're unlike the Immortals who descended thousands of years ago, who had been suppressed to the point where they could only use a bit of their power…"

Su Ming stared at Qian Chen. He did not expect that this person would know about these things, and by the looks of it, he was not making it all up.

"The Evil Immortal Sect is one of the three superior sects, and it's incredibly powerful. The people there might not be able to descend with their complete power, but with Sir Ji An's presence, they could still fully make up for their losses.

"Sir Ji An is one of the three Sovereigns in Evil Sect!" Qian Chen was not going to stop unless he managed to shock Su Ming with his words. He continued pouring out everything that he knew so that the other would think that he had some qualities worth protecting.

"Three Sovereigns?" Su Ming narrowed his eyes.

"That's right. The Immortals might only have occupied a third of the galaxy in Morning Dao World, but we are one of the greatest forces there… There are three Sovereigns and five Emperors [7] among us Immortals. The three Sovereigns belong to the Evil Sect, whereas the five Emperors come from the Immortal Sects!

"Sir Ji An is the Sovereign of Destruction among the three Sovereigns! As for that Di Tian in Great Leaf Immortal Sect, he is the Heavenly Emperor among the five Emperors," Qian Chen whispered softly.

Su Ming's heart trembled in shock. This was the first time he had heard about things in the land of Immortals. If someone who had a great level of cultivation would have told him about all this, he would not have been too surprised, but the person who was informing him was Qian Chen!

"What are the levels of cultivation of the three Sovereigns in Evil Sect and five Emperors in those Immortal sects?" Su Ming immediately asked.

"I'm not certain of the details… but it's rumored that besides Sovereign Chi, the other two Sovereigns have already reached the Third Step."

"As for the five Emperors, besides the Yellow Emperor [8], the other four are all almighty people who have reached the Third Step… but these are just rumors. I cannot tell whether they are true or false with my status."

'The Third Step…' The description of the Immortals' cultivation methods Su Ming had inherited from Hong Luo appeared in his head.

"If that is the case, then Evil Sect's influence in the land of Immortals is weaker than that of the Immortal sects! But since they can fight on equal grounds, then there must be something that allows them to do so," Su Ming stated languidly.

Qian Chen winked at him and grinned. Once he swept his gaze across the area, he started speaking in a hushed tone as well as a voice that gave him a mysterious air.

Translator's Notes:

1. The original version for all those interested, also lost in translation.

Su Ming: What does the Si mean in Si Kong's name? (At this point he is using the character 司, which is a surname/family name)

Qian Chen: That Si means deep thought. (The Si he refers to is 思)

2. Wu Shen and Wu Sen: Wu Shen is 邬申 (wu1 shen1). Wu is a surname, and Shen means to explain/express. His counterpart is Wu Sen, the bald guy from Wind Stream Tribe who was supposed to be the third strongest in that tribe before he got his power stolen from Su Ming before the stair climbing contest and fell to the twelfth place. Wu Sen is 邬森 (wu1 sen1). Wu is a surname and is the exact same character as the Wu in Wu Shen, while 森 is forest. If you look at it closely, you will notice that the 'Sh' for Shen in Wu Shen's name is pronounced as /ʃ/ and the 's' in Sen is /s/.

3. Bi'su: The Bisu mentioned in chapter 575 is another person. That Bisu is Bi Su's counterpart. Su Ming misunderstood and thought Bi'su is Bi Su's counterpart. 毕+素 = Bi'+ su = Surname + white.

4. Lost in translation original text version:

Qian Chen: Er… The su in her name means white.

5. Shi Hai/Shihai: Shi Hai is the old man from Wind Stream Tribe who had brought Su Ming to Wind Stream Mountain. Shi Hai = shi2 + hai3 = 石 + 海 = stone + sea. Shihai = shi3 + hai3 = 史 + 海 = history + sea

6. Bitu/Bi Tu: Bitu is 毕汢 (bi4 tu), and Bi Tu is 毕图 (bi4 tu2). Bitu is surname + another surname, and Bi Tu is surname + picture. Bi Tu is the elder from Black Mountain Tribe.

7. Three Sovereigns and five Emperors: Is a group of mythological rulers in ancient Northern China. Some of their titles are used from the legends, some are made up. Here is a link to give you a general idea, you'll have to go through multiple websites to really know about all of them though: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Sovereigns_and_Five_Emperors

Di Tian's Heavenly Emperor title came from Tiandi teachings, by the way: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiandi_teachings

8. Yellow Emperor: The original title over here is 轩帝 (xuan2 di4), and this title just happens to be the other title for Yellow Emperor, who is one of the mythological deities in China. Remember that Rho Leonis Disaster? Yeah, it's from him. Here are the links promised.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellow_Emperor

http://www.ianridpath.com/startales/leo.htm
