# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 643

"Senior, you are wise. That is indeed the case, because the Yellow Emperor, who is the strongest among the Immortals, went into isolation many years ago and still hasn't come out up to this date. It is said that the Yellow Emperor has already died… There are also rumors that the Yellow Emperor has been killed after Di Tian used some unknown method on him!

"But these are just rumors. After all, the difference between their levels of cultivation is simply too great… But ever since the Yellow Emperor went into isolation, his royal bloodline was divided. Even his son, Hong Luo, went mad and was subdued by Di Tian. No one knows where he was sealed.

"From this alone, we can tell that something unexpected happened to the Yellow Emperor…

"And even though Sovereign Chi, who is the strongest among the three Sovereigns, would occasionally send his divine sense sweeping across the land of Immortals to intimidate the Immortals, he is mainly in isolation. That's why this current state of balance was formed." Qian Chen put on a mysterious look, and when he saw Su Ming listening to him intently, he regarded him in great disdain.

He mocked Su Ming in his heart for still being just a Berserker in the end, despite having a high level of cultivation. All he needed to do was reveal a little of what he knew about the Immortals, and he could already leave Su Ming stunned.

"You are one of those people who descended here." Su Ming closed his eyes, and once he opened them after a moment, he uttered his words slowly.

This was something that could be easily deduced. Qian Chen never thought about hiding it either. He quickly nodded, and he grew even more disdainful towards Su Ming, thinking that any person who was not an idiot would definitely be able to tell in the blink of an eye that he was someone who had descended to the land after hearing him say so many things about the Immortals. Clearly, this person had already fried his brain while training, for he actually needed to close his eyes and think about this sort of thing.

However, Qian Chen did not dare to show any of his thoughts on his face. Instead, he merely put on an expression of awe towards Su Ming's wisdom.

"The method you used to descend is different from the rest," Su Ming said calmly.

Qian Chen blinked before he nodded again. However, he was feeling slightly nervous in his heart. When he thought about his low level of cultivation, his status that was distinctly not close to that of a prodigy among the Immortals, his failure to fulfill the requirements of descending to the land, and his knowledge towards the Immortals, he found that there was only one explanation about how he would have come to this place. Once he thought about it, he felt his worries fade away, and while he still harbored disdain towards Su Ming, that feeling had lessened slightly.

"You are also not from Evil Sect," Su Ming stated flatly, still calm.

Yet when he said those words, Qian Chen was momentarily stunned, and a slight change of expression could be detected on his face. After a moment of hesitation, he nodded his head slowly, and he began to feel anxious and doubtful.

"Neither are you an Immortal!" There was a ghost of a smile on Su Ming's lips as he stated that slowly.

Qian Chen eyes went wide and he almost leaped to his feet. His heart also started racing in his chest, as disbelief showed itself on his face and a loud bang rang out in his head. Each of Su Ming's words had brought him greater shock than the previous one, and the sentence he had uttered just now had struck him completely dumb with astonishment. At that moment, there was no longer any hint of disdain in his heart. Finally, he knew exactly what this man had been thinking of when he closed his eyes just now, and that was definitely not about figuring out that he was a person who had descended to the land of Berserkers.

"Um… Senior, don't scare me now. How could I not be an Immortal?"

The disdain in Qian Chen's heart turned into anxiety. That faint smile on Su Ming's lips right before his eyes gave him a feeling as if everything about him had been seen through with just one glance, and as if all his secrets had been discovered by his gaze and expression.

He had never experienced this kind of thing before, and right then, the more he looked at Su Ming, the more he felt that he was impossible to figure out, and it made his anxiety increase even further.

"Where you come from has nothing to do with me." Su Ming cut off Qian Chen's words, and once he cast a deep look at this person, he said these words languidly.

"I can protect you and let you have the highest possible chance of surviving during the battle between Evil Sect and all the other Immortal sects… The likeliness of whether you will end up surviving will depend on your value though." Once Su Ming said these words, he stopped speaking.

A large variety of expressions passed one after another on Qian Chen's face. He had naturally heard the meaning behind Su Ming's words - the higher his value, the greater his protection would be…

In silence, Qian Chen cast his gaze around the area before sighing in his heart. He knew that if he lost Su Ming's protection, then he would only be able to depend on his luck to survive through the battle. Yet once he remembered how rotten his luck had been previously, a shudder immediately ran down his body, and a wary expression appeared in his gaze when he looked back at Su Ming.

"Senior, I've had enough of living in the land of Berserkers… If you can keep me alive during this battle, then I will tell you how the Immortals come to the land of Berserkers, and how different my method is compared to theirs…

"In fact, I'll even tell you how to leave this place… I'll let you see with your own eyes how I leave the land of Berserkers and return to my land!" Qian Chen looked at Su Ming with a pleading look and a face full of sincerity.

Su Ming was also looking at Qian Chen. After some time, he nodded.

When Qian Chen saw him accepting his offer, he let out a huge sigh of relief, and a large variety of emotions rose in his heart. He remembered how he had gone to the land of Immortals and how he had arrived in the land of Berserkers. Sometimes, he would feel very satisfied, but there were certain things that made him feel disappointed, and this life and death situation he was about to face soon especially made him feel miserable and agonized.

The urge to return home caused Qian Chen to make this sort of promise to Su Ming.

At that moment, he did not know just what sort of disaster he would bring to all Immortals and just how long the sky would remain red because of it…

Neither did he know that if Su Ming saw how he left this place and returned to the land of Immortals, it would be a set-back to Di Tian's plans like none before it, and it would all happen due to Qian Chen's promise. Because of this, Su Ming would bring an even greater amount of shock to Di Tian that even compared to the time Hong Luo woke up!

All of these, he did not know.

Time passed. In the blink of an eye, a few days went by. Su Ming sat on the Feng Shui compass calmly. Since he was an Outer Sect disciple, almost no one paid any sort of attention to him. Besides, even though he had physically grown up a little more, his current appearance was still that of a fourteen to fifteen year old boy; he looked little different to how he was before.

There was still a hint of youthfulness on his face, and because of that, it was easy to for him to be ignored by other people.

During these past few days, the eighteen Yin Dragons had dragged the nine huge carriages behind them, practically shooting through a small half of Eastern Wastelands. Their traveling speed was so quick that it even made Su Ming narrow his eyes when he occasionally lowered his head and looked down.

Another three days went by, and a large piece of flatland appeared before Evil Spirit Sect…

Perhaps it was not accurate to describe this place as a piece of flatland, because the ground here was black, and there was an air of decay coming out from it. There was also a large amount of deep pits on the ground!

These pits came in a variety of size, and all of them looked as if they had been formed by the stars from beyond this world crashing down. Some of the larger ones were several hundreds of thousands of feet in size, but even the smallest ones were thousands of feet wide.

There were some places that did not have any pits but were filled with gigantic stones. They filled the cavities, and the part of them that was revealed outside gave of a shocking feeling of age.

These stones also came in different sizes and were scattered all over the land. When Su Ming looked over… he found that the number of stones was as countless as the ground was endless…

Overall, the number of pits on the ground was about the same as the number of stones on the land.

There were several hundreds stones that were each hundreds of thousands of feet in size, and if anyone stood on them, they would find that they were all incredibly tiny in comparison.

The land here was strange, and the sky, too, was also unusual. There were no clouds above. In their place were stones just like the ones on the ground, and they were all floating in the sky on their own. It was as if there was some form of power from a Law that existed between them and the ground that allowed them to not fall nor move, just remain floating in the sky.

This spot was close to the center of Eastern Wastelands. The area of this desert was incredibly big… and it was also not too far away from Eastern Wastelands Tower!

This was the battlefield that had been chosen by both Evil Sect and the Immortal sects for their battle!

Over here, they would be able to determine who would be the ones taking the lead when they entered Eastern Wastelands Tower, and who would be the ones who had to follow. The ones who lost would have to deliver a sufficient amount of Immortals' souls so as to light up that ten million blood-red light from Eastern Wastelands Tower and in turn fulfill the requirement to enter the tower.

This decision was clearly not made in the land of Berserkers, but had been made by the three Sovereigns and Five Emperors in the galaxy of the Immortals.

When Evil Spirit Sect's army charged down to the land from the sky, they became the first sect to arrive in this place, because Thousand River Valley was the closest one to the battlefield, compared to the spots where the other sects were built upon.

Thousand River Valley could become a transfer point that would make it easy for those in Evil Sect to advance and retreat. This was also one of the reasons why Evil Spirit Sect had been sent to occupy this region before the battle.

The Yin Dragons' roars echoed in the world and stirred layers of ripples that caused the sounds in the area to move, albeit slowly and only slightly.

As the eighteen Yin Dragons descended, and the Evil Spirit Sect disciples on them turned into long arcs and leaped down. They took over several dozens of the meteors in the sky and a dozen something stones filling up the pits in the ground.

The nine carriages were positioned horizontally on the ground, and there were quite a large number of disciples sitting on them and exercising their breathing quietly as they waited for their orders.

With Shen Dong in the lead, the old monsters all sat down on a gigantic stone of a hundred thousand feet instead of choosing to stand on one of the meteors in the sky. They did not say a single word but merely waited silently.

Only the two gigantic banners continued floating in the air, causing all those in the distance to be able to see the words 'Evil Spirit Sect' sprawled on one of them, as well as the other three words 'Massacre all lives' shining in bloody red light.

Including Su Ming, the thousands of Outer Sect disciples along with the Berserkers who had changed their blood inheritance were cut off from these groups of people. They were not told where they were supposed to go, hence most of them split up and went off on their own. Su Ming chose a thousand feet stone on the ground, and when he sat down there, Qian Chen followed him, all while looking around himself nervously.

"Senior, I know what this place is… This is the spot where the Immortals descend in Eastern Wastelands! The law of Yin Death is the weakest here, and it's the perfect place for Immortals to come. Most of them in Eastern Wastelands had chosen to descend here!"

Qian Chen sucked in a deep breath, and once he swiftly swept his gaze around the area, he lifted his head again and looked at the sky.

'Could it be… that there will be new Immortals coming here during the battle? If that's the case, there's absolutely no need for them to fight here!' Qian Chen's heart let out a loud thump in his chest. He had a vague feeling that the battle this time might be greater than what he had imagined.

Su Ming remained calm. Once he cast a glance at the sky, he narrowed his eyes. He could feel the ripples of power from the Rune in the sky.
