# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 645

Qian Chen's words echoed in Su Ming's ears as his eyes followed the few familiar faces standing among Sky Mist Dao. He wanted to retain his composure, but some ripples had still stirred up in his heart, which eventually turned into a sigh.

He saw Tian Lan Meng, the woman he had gotten to know in Freezing Sky Clan…

He saw Sky Mist's ancestor, the man who had forced him to leave the land of Berserkers all those years ago. All these things were like memories of a past life. They were rather blurry, but he would never forget them.

There was also that woman that looked exactly as Tian Lan Meng. Su Ming remembered her vaguely, knowing that she was Tian Lan Meng's sister.

However, it did not matter whether it was Sky Mist's ancestor or the sisters, all of their images gradually faded away from Su Ming's eyes, along with the near ten thousand other people of Sky Mist Dao. All of them turned into blurry images… except… for hers.

It was a woman who could not be considered incredibly beautiful, only somewhat pretty and a little more attractive than an average looking person. She wore a blue dress and stood among the crowd with her short hair as if she was just another person in the crowd.

Yet while she was standing among the crowd… her position was right in front of the sisters and beside Sky Mist's ancestor!

"So she didn't pass away…" Su Ming mumbled softly, in a voice that only he could hear. He looked at the woman, Wu La. In his memories, she had called out to Mo Su before she closed her eyes and died in his arms.

She was still the same as she was in his memories. Nothing had changed about her, and neither could he detect much difference in her… Su Ming closed his eyes, and when he reopened them, he looked towards the old man standing behind Sky Mist's ancestor, right before Wu La, among the ten thousand cultivators from Sky Mist Dao.

The old man was of average looks, but the light in his eyes made it seem as if there was lightning circling his eyes, causing no one to be able to look him in the eye.

"Sky Mist Dao's Zhou Fang. This person was in charge of dealing out punishments when he was in the land of Immortals' Sky Mist Dao. He has killed an endless amount of people, and the murderous aura on him is troublesome even for those in Evil Sect. This person… has been appointed the Sect Master in the land of Berserkers' Sky Mist Dao, otherwise known as the Grand Sect Elder!

"I don't know the old man behind him, but the woman beside him is a rare prodigy in the land of Immortals' Sky Mist Dao. Her name is Wu Le!"

When Qian Chen's voice fell into Su Ming's ears, he looked away silently and turned his gaze towards Evil Dust Sect, who was located not too far away from Evil Spirit Sect on the side of the battlefield belonging to Evil Sect.

The first person he saw there was a young man full of pride and whose presence was like the sun itself, as he stood among the Evil Dust Sect. Most of the disciples avoided his spot, causing the place where he stood to be incredibly eye-catching. It was as if he was afraid other people did not know of his status and his position in Evil Dust Sect.

He wore an extravagant looking purple long robe and had fair skin, like that of a white jade. He was incredibly handsome, but the aloof gaze and the arrogance on his face caused him to exude a presence that kept the others away from him.

"Evil Dust Sect's Sikong!"

Su Ming heard Qian Chen's words, but even if the other had not introduced him, he would still have been able to recognize him with just one glance. After all, this person was the Si Kong from his memories, the person from Dark Dragon Tribe, a member of the same tribe as Bai Ling.

The prideful and arrogant look on his face was the exact same as in Su Ming's memories, and it brought an incredible amount of dislike within his heart at the moment he first saw him.

Su Ming moved his gaze and looked towards the most powerful person in Evil Dust Sect. It was also a familiar face, for it was Wind Stream Tribe's Shi Hai, the old man who had taken him to Wind Stream Mountain.

His power in the great circle stage in Ascendance had allowed him to be one of the three Apogees, along with Shen Dong.

He stood there with a cold sneer on his lips as he looked at the people from Sky Mist Dao. The killing intent shining in his eyes was already so strong that it was practically surging out of him.

Su Ming had saw far too many familiar faces on this day. If his past self from many years ago had been here, then there would have surely been a huge storm raging in his heart at the moment. He would not have been able to calm down, and would have been in a huge state of confusion in the midst of his shock.

But Su Ming had already gone through far too many things. He had already found his answers from Beiling and Chenxin. Still, he did not want… He really did not want to find his elder and Lei Chen in the crowd…

In the midst of silence, Su Ming closed his eyes. After some time, when a loud roar rang in the sky and the world's might fell on them, he opened his eyes and looked towards the sky to see… a sea of blood coming towards them!

This was a sea of blood about several hundreds of feet wide, and it was churning as if it possessed life. Some corpses would occasionally show up within it, and they were of men and of women, of young and of old. There were also some babies as well, but all of them were dead. They were all corpses now, and there was no longer any blood within them. They were submerged in the sea of blood and brought to this place.

At the instant Su Ming saw those corpses, killing intent shone briefly in his eyes, and a dark, cold look gradually appeared within them. He clenched his fists tightly. His sudden reaction was due to the fact that he had managed to tell that all the corpses came from people that came from Berserker Tribes, and there was more than just one tribe among the dead…

It was clear to Su Ming that those Berserkers had not died too long ago, and it was also equally apparent to him that Evil Lust Sect had killed all the tribes they saw on their way to this place to form this sea of blood that surged in the sky.

This monstrosity was still closing in, and a thick, bloody stench came crashing into everyone's faces before surrounding the entire flatland, refusing to dissipate even after a long time had passed. As the world roared, the sea of blood arrived in the blink of an eye, and once it took a full circle in midair, a strange laughter traveled from within it.

Eventually, the sea of blood crumbled with a loud bang and turned into a bloody rain that poured down on the ground. Once a drop fell, it would merge together with others, and as the bloody red light shone in the air, causing everyone's vision to turn blurry, nearly ten thousand people descended beside Evil Dust Sect. The bloody rain that had gathered together rapidly closed in on these people and turned into blood-red long robes on their bodies.

The person standing in the lead was an old man with a dark look on his face. He wore a blood-red long robe and held a black wooden staff in his hand. Once he swept his gaze across the area, a bloodthirsty smirk curled up on his lips.

Almost all of the Evil Lust Sect members standing behind him spotted the same look. There was also a woman behind him dressed in a red robe. She was incredibly beautiful, but the murderous aura coming from her body gave off an incredibly threatening air. The blood-colored robe on her body and the bright red shade on her lips caused all those who saw her to be unable to tell whether her robes and lips were just dyed in that shade of brilliant red… or whether it was really blood!

"Evil Lust Sect loves killing and collecting blood the most. Their Grand Sect Elder, Bitu, is one of the three Apogees, and his power is on par with that of the other two, but if we talked just about the number of people killed, then he's definitely the one in the lead among the three!

"The woman behind him is Bi'su, the prodigy who is equal to Wushen and Sikong! This woman has incredibly high potential, and she is one of the prodigies in Evil Lust Sect. She also has an older brother by the name of Bisu. The su in Bi'su's name is pronounced quietly, and as for Bisu's name, both syllables are accented[1]!

"Her older brother is in Evil Immortal Sect, and is the strongest among all the prodigies in Evil Sect. His potential surpasses that of all the others. He is the person Evil Sect is training and developing in hopes that he would be able to stand up against Justice Heaven Dao's Ye Wang," Qian Chen immediately explained.

As Su Ming sized up Bitu, a killing intent that was on par with the one he harbored for Di Tian lit up in his eyes. It appeared beyond his control, because this Bitu was the Elder from Black Mountain Tribe that had caused Dark Mountain's destruction in his memories... Bi Tu!

He was the person who had transformed himself into a half-human half-bat hybrid and whom Su Ming had fought in the sky above Dark Mountain!

'Most of the people in my memories have already appeared. I didn't expect I would be able to see them in the battle between Evil Sect and all the other Immortal sects…'

When Su Ming swept his gaze past these people, a ray of light that outshone all others appeared in the world, and it was charging forth from the sky behind Hidden Dragon Sect and Sky Mist Dao.

It was a sword glare that outshone all the light in the world!

And it came from a huge sword that was several hundreds of thousands of feet long. The only other sword that was bigger than it was the ancient bronze sword Su Ming had seen in the World of Nine Yin. Besides it, no other sword could compare.

The sword glare separated the sky and earth. As it charged forward, it made all those who saw it feel their hearts tremble against their will. All those from Hidden Dragon Sect stood up, and the cultivators from Sky Mist Dao did the same thing. At the instant they looked towards the sword, the heads of the two sects, Jingnan and Zhou Fang, cast each other a look before they wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed towards the incoming sword in the sky.

"We of Hidden Dragon Sect greet the Heavenly Emperor!"

"We of Sky Mist Dao greet the Heavenly Emperor!"

Once these two people spoke, all the cultivators from Sky Mist Dao and Hidden Dragon Sect wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed towards the sky. Their voices as they paid their respects were shockingly loud, echoing in all directions.

However, even when the voices of those tens of thousands of people rang in the air, they still could not cover the whistle of the sword as it traveled through the air. They merely served as a contrast. Soon, the sword arrived at the battlefield!

Su Ming's pupils constricted and killing intent raged within his body, but he would not show even a single hint of it. Instead, he just looked over with a freezing glare.

Once the sword closed in, an innumerable amount of people from atop it turned into long arcs and charged towards the ground. Each of them stood on a sword, and they numbered not to ten thousand, but were near thirty thousand. They spread out across the sky and earth, and with just the power of their sect alone, they could completely put down all the three inferior sects of Evil Sect!

At the same time, two figures appeared on the sword in the sky. They were two people wearing crowns on their heads, and even though the sword glare made it so that no one could see their faces clearly, the waves of power coming from their bodies could suppress all those in Ascendance. This was definitely no longer the power that belonged to those in the First Step!

It was incredibly rare for any Immortal to possess the power beyond the First Step due to the Laws in Yin Death Region set in the land of Berserkers. Almost at the instant Su Ming saw these two figures and sensed that familiar power, a brilliant light immediately shone in his eyes.

At the same time, his heart also sank.

'Two of them!'

Immediately after, he saw Beiling and Chenxin among the thirty thousand cultivators that descended on the land, as well as two other people who caused certain faces to emerge in Su Ming's memories.

One of them was Bei Ling's father, Dark Mountain's Head of the Hunters!

The other was Chen Xin's father, Dark Mountain's… tribe leader!

These two well-built men were now dressed in purple robes and stood right in the front of all the cultivators under the sword. Their expressions were cold and aloof, and a power that belonged to those in the great circle stage of Ascendance spread out from their bodies. Clearly, this was not their original level of cultivation, but what they possessed after their powers had been suppressed!

Su Ming was certain of it because the feeling of threat from them surpassed what he felt from Shen Dong!

With calm eyes, he looked towards the two people in Emperor's robes on the sword in the sky. At that moment, there was not a single thought distracting his mind. He had already set out what he must do, and no matter what sort of price he had to pay, his desire to kill Di Tian would never waver!

He swept his gaze past Beiling, Chenxin, Sky Mist Dao's Wu Le, Hidden Dragon Sect's Chenchong, Evil Lust Sect's Bi'su, and Evil Dust Sect's Sikong.

'All these people are the prodigies off of their respective sects in the land of Immortals. I'll ignore why they appeared in my past for now… They lost to me when we were in Wind Stream Mountain, and now… they will lose to me again in this place!'

Translator's Notes:

1. Original: "Her name is Bi Su… She has an older brother by the name of Bi Su. One of them means white, and the other means morning."
