# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 646

"The person on the sword is the Heavenly Emperor… Di Tian!" Qian Chen's voice quivered slightly and he went a little nearer to Su Ming before he spoke up again in a whisper.

"There is a rumor circulating about the five Emperors in the land of Immortals. It is said that if the strongest Yellow Emperor truly died, then his death is definitely related to Di Tian, because Di Tian was the Yellow Emperor's disciple, and the Yellow Emperor's children have all been sealed off and divided by Di Tian!"

Su Ming did not speak. He merely sat on the stone and kept his gaze fixed on Di Tian in the sky, refusing to look away even after a long time had passed. He knew that he had one advantage over Di Tian at that moment - he could see Di Tian, but Di Tian did not know that he was here!

While Su Ming was being silent, his gaze fell on Beiling and Chenxin, and a complicated look appeared in his eyes.

"That is Di Tian's disciple, Young Lord Beiling… This person's potential is said to be just right under Ye Wang's and is on par with Chenchong's. He is also said to be a serious and staid person… The woman beside him is his junior sister." Qian Chen looked towards the direction of Su Ming's gaze and immediately started introducing the people he saw.

"The two people behind Beiling and Chenxing were Dharma Protectors when they were in the land of Immortals' Great Leaf Immortal Sect. Right now, they're the Sect Masters of the land of Berserkers' Great Leaf Immortal Seact. It is said that they followed Di Tian around all the time when they were in the land of Immortals, and they are all incredibly trusted subordinates of his…"

This Qian Chen seemed to know everything. From his mouth alone, Su Ming could already understand the whole world that belonged to the Immortals.

Almost at the moment Qian Chen finished speaking, rolling black fog immediately appeared out of nowhere in the sky from the direction of Evil Sect. That black fog filled the entire sky, and piercing screeches could be heard coming from within it.

The black fog tumbled in the air and looked as if it had covered the whole sky. It seemed endless, for no one could see any light in the distance. This darkness had come incredibly suddenly, along with the piercing screeches that sounded as if they possessed a power to pierce through the soul. It caused almost all the people in the land where Immortals descended to feel their hearts shudder. As if needles had stabbed into their bodies, they all started shouting together as if they could not withstand the pain and were almost pushed to the brink of madness because of it.

Evil Sect was in a better state though. Besides the weak ones, most of the disciples were fine, but most of the people among the Immortal sects instantly turned pale once those piercing screeches rang in the air. Black shadows even swiftly appeared between some of their brows. As they trembled, their bodies started rapidly withering away. Their flesh and blood did not disappear, but were being swiftly absorbed by the black shadows between the center of their brows. It was as if there was some sort of malicious spirit contained there, and it was absorbing these people's flesh and blood to be able to charge out.

Almost at the moment these Immortals could no longer bear with the piercing screeches, a cold harrumph echoed in the sky, and once it fell into everyone's ears, they felt as if they were listening to a sword humming. It sounded as if there was a sword crashing against stone and metal, and it was a clear sound that exuded a biting, chilling air!

All the disciples from the Immortal sects who heard that sound as it echoed in the air immediately started shivering as if they had just woken up from a dream. Expressions of wakefulness appeared on their faces, and their bodies stopped withering away. The black shadows at the center of their brows seemed let out silent screams of pain and then were wiped off.

Su Ming's pupils constricted. At the moment the evil sound had rang shrilly in the air, he had already lifted his right hand and pressed it against Qian Chen's shoulder, causing him to only tremble under that piercing screech while remaining uninjured. However, the reason behind Su Ming's pupils constricting and a slightly grave expression appearing on his face was because he had vaguely seen an illusory sword slicing down from the sky on the Immortal sects as that cold harrumph rang in the air.

There were few who could see that sword in the battlefield. Even Bao Qiu and the others around her could not detect it. Only those who had reached the great circle stage in Ascendance like Shen Dong would be able to see some clues hinting at its existence.

That sword seemed like a mere illusion, but it seemed to have executed the Law of the World and separated the spot that the Immortal sects resided. It might only have been separated for an instant, but it had made the evil sound lose its targets, wiping away the inner Devils that had been born among the Immortal sect disciples due to that evil sound!

More importantly, the person who had let out that cold harrumph was not the Di Tian in purple robes, who Su Ming was familiar with, but instead the other clone in golden robes. The power that of that harrumph had immediately allowed Su Ming to make his judgment.

'Two clones… And the clone in the golden robes is stronger than the one in purple!'

"Immortals and Evil Immortals' Curse." Qian Chen's face turned pale and sweat beaded on his forehead as he mumbled.

"This is the great divine ability of Evil Immortal Sect, and it is also one of the Ji An's favorite great divine abilities. In the past, all those who heard this Immortals and Evil Immortals' Curse would find Evil Neonates emerging in their bodies, and they would then absorb their flesh and blood, causing their bodies to wither away. Then, once their bodies died, the Evil Neonates would be born.

"These creatures would then act as Ji An's powerful killing moves, and they could even merge together to form Immortal Neonates," Qian Chen explained in a quiet voice.

Su Ming narrowed his eyes and looked towards the endless black fog charging towards them from the sky in the distance.

The black fog got increasingly closer as it tumbled about in the sky. The people on the battlefield could vaguely see an innumerable amount of people within the clouds, but they were nothing compared to the fog's appearance, which was the sight that had truly brought shock to all the people in the Immortal sects!

As it closed in, the portion right in the front merged together and turned into a gigantic human face. It looked incredibly ferocious, with the black fog as its body and the threads by the side its hair. As this creature approached the area, a dark voice rang in the air with such strength that it shook the sky and earth.

"Di Tian!"

This voice echoed in all directions, causing all the cultivators on the ground to feel their hearts tremble. Even Shen Dong and the others were the same. As for Sikong and Chenchong, their faces turned pale.

Su Ming sat on the rock, and the brilliant light shining in his eyes moments ago was hidden away. He looked at the black fog in the sky. After having heard this man's name for so long, this was the first time he finally saw him.

Su Ming's gaze seemed to be able to pierce through the fog and look within it, where he saw twenty thousand people in black armor, wearing aloof expressions on their faces while dark light shone in their eyes. Right before them was a boy dressed in black robes!

That boy was incredibly handsome. His black hair danced in the air, and he held a black fan in his hand. If the black fog and all the people in black armor were not around, then this boy would have definitely looked incredibly elegant and graceful!

Almost at the instant Su Ming looked towards the boy, the boy also seemed to have noticed his gaze and immediately lowered his head, but Su Ming had already averted his eyes by that time. The boy looked at the ground for a moment and a light crease appeared between his brows. But he stopped paying any attention to the ground after that.

"Ji An!" slowly called out the Di Tian in golden robes, as the rolling mass of black fog hovered directly opposite of Great Leaf Immortal Sect's giant sword in the sky.

"Today, the Immortals and Evil Immortals will fight, and the winner will take control of Eastern Wastelands Tower. As for the one who loses…" the Di Tian in golden robes said in a low voice. But before he could finish speaking, the rolling black fog immediately exploded and spread out, instantly filling up the entire area on the ground, as if it had separated the sky from the earth!

Immediately after, the twenty thousand people in black armor lifted their heads and turned into long black arcs that charged towards the fog on the ground.

"Why are you being so talkative? Di Tian, are you old and senile now?! Disciples of Evil Sect, kill them!"

Once the fog filled the area on the ground, none of it could be seen in the sky any longer, causing Ji An's figure to be revealed in the air. The boy in black robes put on a sinister smile on his face, and his eyes shone with killing intent in his chilling glare. He was completely unbothered and not the slightest bit wary of the two clones. With a step forward, he charged towards the sword where the Di Tians were.

The eyes of both the clones shone, and the one in purple robes took a step forward, with a cold sneer on his face.

"You might be slightly weaker than our real self's magical body, but you still have to bear with the limitations set by the laws in Yin Death Region. I'd like to see how you will fight against two of our real self's clones!"

Rumbling sounds instantly echoed in the sky, but no one on the ground could see what was happening above, because the fog that filled the sky had blocked off all the gazes directed upwards. The rumbles then turned into waves of impact that swept towards Great Leaf Immortal Sect, Hidden Dragon Sect, and Sky Mist Dao.

The battle suddenly erupted at the instant Ji An arrived!

Almost the instant the fog spread outwards and covered all the people's gazes, Su Ming stood up and struck Qian Chen's shoulder. With it, a faint ray of golden light immediately surged into Qian Chen's body through his hand.

"Close your eyes and fake death. As long your luck isn't too rotten, then as long as you have my power protecting you, you will be fine!" Once Su Ming said that, he took a step forward.

Qian Chen was taken aback for a moment, but then immediately let out a shrill scream of pain.

"Ah…! You ambushed me… you… bas… tards..." As he screamed, he started looking everywhere, and once he fell down, he quickly crawled under the stone beside him and laid down under it while his heart raced in anxiety in his chest.

Su Ming moved like a ghost. As he charged forward, he moved about in the fog. He did not immediately rush out but instead spread his divine sense outwards. The fog around him might be thick, but it was practically non-existent within his perception.

Almost at the instant the fog spread out, Su Ming lifted his right hand with an aloof expression and swiped at the fog to his right. A scream of pain rang out, and a Hidden Dragon Sect disciple was grabbed by the throat. Shock and despair appeared in the disciple's eyes. Up till this point, he still didn't understand why the target he had singled out before the fog appeared would suddenly become so terrifying.

The spot where he stood in Evil Spirit Sect was clearly one the belonged to an Outer Sect disciple…

A pity, but he no longer had any chance to think about that question. Su Ming squeezed with his right hand and a bang rang in the air. The Hidden Dragon Sect disciple's head exploded, and Su Ming continued walking forward.

He could clearly see a woman in white where the three Immortal sects were gathered in his divine sense. She had multiple layers of protection placed on her and would occasionally send out jade slips to the people. These jade slips were like orders that caused the fifty thousand cultivators among the Immortal sects to quickly organize themselves in the fog after only a short period of chaos.

As for Evil Sect, they were clearly incredibly familiar with this black fog. As if they had been prepared for it beforehand, at the instant it appeared, they started swiftly killing the Immortals under the lead of the twenty thousand people in black armor!

Su Ming calmly lifted his left hand. The green mark on his left hand was shining rapidly at the moment, and wisps of aura of death started charging towards his left hand from all directions.

"The true way to use this Seven Abyssal Yin Death Seal… is not to transfer the power of Yin Death, but… to offer the aura of death to the seal!" Su Ming said flatly, and a chilling glare appeared in his eyes.
