# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 647

If Su Ming had enough aura of death to deliver to this Verdant Abyssal Seal, then he would be able to trade in even more power of Yin Death from the world. Then, with this power of Yin Death, he could bring up an explosion that was even greater than what Shen Dong had managed to summon.

This was the epiphany he had gained when he was examining the Seven Abyssal Yin Death Seal. There was an innate difference between him and Shen Dong, which was why Shen Dong had been unable to understand this Art fully, but once it was in Su Ming's hands, he would be able to make it shine brilliantly.

'A fight between ten thousand people… In terms of numbers, they can't compare to the battle between the Shamans and Berserkers, but the power within each of these people here is much stronger compared to the Shamans and Berserkers… If that's the case, since the aura of death's thickness will increase because of a person's level of cultivation, then even if there aren't many people fighting on both sides, the aura of death will still be great because of the Immortals' power will cause it to increase by multiple fold!'

Su Ming walked in the black fog at a moderate pace. Roars and the sounds of battle rose and fell in his ears. However, he no longer had the hot-blooded fervor he had during the battle between the Shamans and Berserkers. His heart remained cold.

He had no reason to be fired up for this battle!

This was an internal strife among the Immortals and a scramble for power between Evil Sect and all the other Immortal sects. Su Ming was just a guest in this battle, a stranger who came to this battlefield with his own goals.

He only had one really, and that was to kill Di Tian. To accomplish this goal, others had sprung up. It was just like building a tower. Several layers needed to be built upon each other before a tower could be formed!

'I'll need at least half of the people to die to complete the Verdant Abyssal Seal. It'll be even better if I could get more…'

A glint appeared in his eyes. With his divine sense, he saw the three Immortal Sects slowly finding their way in the fog as the woman in white led them, issuing her orders with the jade slips. Instead, they started shrinking back, and with the woman in white as the center, they slowly looked as if they wanted to form a formation of three rings.

A squad was formed with nine people, and a platoon with nine of these squads. With nine platoons, a brigade was formed. The dozens of brigades then started retreating in an organized fashion continuously, and as they set up their formation, the Evil Sect teams that were rushing at them were like fierce tigers that had run into hedgehogs and could not swiftly slaughter a large amount of them, unlike what they had managed to do at the start.

The leaders were the ones who had a crucial function within these brigades, and the people with this position were the ones who would directly receive the woman in white's orders. Then, they would send these orders to the platoons in their brigades, and these platoons would then send the orders to the squads. This then resulted in the three Immortal sects looking like a single being that could not be separated, yet one that was also capable of dividing itself into several dozens of groups at any time it wanted!

On the other hand, the charge led by the twenty thousand Evil Immortals clad in black armor was now like the last flickers of a dying flame. Once the three Immortal sects started fighting back, they gradually lost the advantage they'd had at the start.

Aside from that, powerful Immortals in Ascendance like Shen Dong and Shihai had been detained by other Ascendant cultivators in the fog. Booming sounds kept coming continuously from their direction as these people fought against each other.

Even Bao Qiu was fighting against another cultivator in Soul Transformation Stage from Great Leaf Immortal Sect. They would not allow any person who had a high level of cultivation join in the charge between both armies.

It was the same for the Immortal sects. Once they had been marked by those in Evil Sect, they were also held back by their enemies.

'By how things usually progress, they should be heading into a stalemate very soon. Both sides will each bring out all the powerful Enchanted Treasures against their opponents that are of the same level of cultivation as theirs, and then, they will try to gain the upper hand again and continue with the slaughter!'

Su Ming's gaze occasionally fell on the fog before him. Once he could vaguely see ahead, he started observing the world outside with caution. The sky above him was not bright. There was a faint layer of purple fog there. It was not thick, and in that thin layer he saw three figures crisscrossing each other as they fought. Loud booming sounds that shook the sky and earth reverberated in the air.

The ripples coming from the Rune above these three people were becoming stronger, and it seemed that new Immortals would descend to the land before long.

'I can't afford to wait for such a long time. If I let those from Evil Sect and the Immortal sects act according to their plans, then not many of their people will die, and it'll be slow. The Rune in the sky also seems rather strange.'

Su Ming's eyes sparkled. When he saw that Evil Sect had already reached the end of their slaughter and looked as if they were about to retreat, he took a step forward and charged forward like a specter towards one of the brigades that were setting up their formation.

This was a brigade of a thousand people filled with boundless vitality at that moment. It was composed entirely of people from Sky Mist Dao, and a murderous air filled the area around them. The eyes of each person here from Sky Mist Dao were burning brightly. The leaders of the platoons among them were all cultivators who had reached the Nascent Soul Stage. Some of them were in the Soul Formation State. The leader of the brigade, who was surrounded by multiple layers of people, was a cultivator in the Soul Transformation Stage.

This Immortal brigade, which was the closest one to Su Ming, was retreating continuously, as if all the wills of the people inside had become connected to each other. They were retreating swiftly to complete the formation. Right before them were numerous Evil Sect disciples and a large number of people in black armor who were bringing with bloodlust and madness as they continued raining down their attacks on the brigade.

Shanhen was right in front of the team, among the people leading the charge. A mighty force burst forth from his well-built body at that moment, and his power spread out while nine black blades surrounded his body. As he charged forth, he was like a whirlwind sweeping across the land… but the thousand man brigade did not show any signs of dispersing despite being in the midst of the charge. They continued retreating in an organized manner, causing those in Evil Sect to feel incredibly helpless against them, because another brigade had appeared in the direction where these Evil Sect members were, and it was clear that they had been surrounded at some point without being aware of it.

In the midst of that helplessness, these Evil Sect disciples began thinking of retreating. Bloodlust shone in Shanhen's eyes, but after letting out a cold harrumph, he, too, started withdrawing.

After all, this was something that could not be helped. They were not the only ones retreating at the moment. The entire Evil Sect army was retreating to widen the distance between them and the Immortal sects.

This was something that was part of their plans to begin with, and they were quick on their feet as they began retreating.

However, almost at the moment Shanhen started withdrawing, a wave from the fog that would only be formed when someone was charging forward suddenly appeared not too far away from where he was. As those ripples spread out, a faint silhouette of a person could be seen within, and that person was so quick that he seemed like a shooting star charging through the fog as he rushed towards the thousand man brigade.

Both sides clashed in an instant, and a shocking bang swiftly erupted into the air. The will formed together by the thousand people started showing signs of crumbling once that silhouette charged into them. At the same time their will started crumbling, the stranger made his way into the thousand man brigade. Wherever he went, shrill screams of pain would travel out and blood would spill everywhere. Naturally, that silhouette was Su Ming!

With just three steps, he appeared right before the leader of a platoon. That person was a cultivator in the Nascent Soul Stage. The man's pupils shrank and shock appeared in his eyes. He knew that unless it was a cultivator in Ascendance, then no person would be able to break into this thousand man brigade where he was right at that moment.

Yet, all the cultivators in Ascendance within Evil Sect already had someone of equal level from the Immortal sects fighting against them… So how did an additional cultivator in Ascendance suddenly appear in Evil Sect?!

And he was clear that this was a cultivator in Ascendance Stage, not someone in any other stage of cultivation. Besides, more importantly, this sudden addition was incredibly fatal to one side of the battle among low-leveled cultivators!

It was a pity, but this man no longer had any time to think about this. Su Ming did not stop. With one step, he closed in and lifted his right hand. When he moved past that person, he seized his throat, and once he dragged him a dozen steps, he crushed the man's throat and shattered his Nascent Soul.

Once he let go, he moved towards the leader of the brigade - the old cultivator in Soul Transformation Stage.

That old man was dressed in green robes, and his eyes were as wide as saucers at that moment. There was also shock in his gaze, and he immediately fell back without any hesitation. A strong life threatening sense of danger shot up like a sharp needle piercing his heart, causing the only thought in his mind in the midst of his nervousness to be that of hastily fleeing for his life.

Yet with Su Ming's speed and power, the old man's speed as he fled was simply too slow. Almost at the moment he started retreating, Su Ming had already turned into a long arc and moved past him in a flash. Blood gushed out like a fountain in the air, and in Su Ming's hand was the old man's head, who could now no longer close its eyes.

There were no screams of pain nor shrieks. There was only stunned silence, for the thousand man brigade whose purpose was to suppress those from Evil Sect had their brigade leader and several of their platoon leaders killed in a short span of time, courtesy of Su Ming. After a short period of silence, cries of surprise erupted from these thousand people.

At the same time, Shanhen and the others who had been retreating nearby were also momentarily shocked, but immediately after, they let out excited roars and no longer retreated. Instead, they rushed into the thousand man brigade that was near breaking point like murderous demons and fiends.

"I am Shanhen. Thank you for your help, senior. May I know which Evil Sect you came from?" In the midst of his crazed slaughter, Shanhen spoke up, but he did not obtain an answer. Su Ming had already left.

He moved like the god of death in this piece of land filled with black fog. As he weaved about, he would charge swiftly into one of the brigades and kill its leader and numerous platoon leaders, with his greatest speed and amount of power he could muster. It was as if he was cutting through knots with a sharp knife.

While he had only dealt with eight brigades and not all of them, the effect he brought to the battlefield was still incredibly apparent, causing the originally retreating Evil Sect to stop moving for a moment before they charged forward to kill once again. The eight crumbled brigades were gaps in the Immortal sects' formation, and they were continuously being torn wider!

Su Ming did not tear open more gaps for Evil Sect. He did not want a single side to win in this battle. He wanted… a complete annihilation of both armies when their strength became equal once again. Only when that happened would he be able to gain a large amount of aura of death within a short period of time. Only then would the might of his Verdant Abyssal Seal reach a terrifying level!

Green light surrounded his left hand at that moment, and the aura of death there was rising exponentially at a maddening pace.

"Go on, kill… The more you kill, the better," Su Ming muttered under his breath.

Suddenly, he whipped his head to the side and looked towards the Immortal sects' direction. He saw a woman's gaze locking onto him, and it belonged to the woman in white who had been setting up the formation for the Immortal sects.

"She can actually find me?" A flicker of light shone in Su Ming's eyes.
