# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 648

"How can this be!"

"There are eight powerful warriors in Ascendance from Evil Sect besides the three Apogees from the three inferior sects… But these eight people are just in the early stage of Ascendance… From the information we received, one of them died in Thousand River Valley, so there should only be ten people from Evil Sect that are in Ascendance!"

"We already sent people to handle these ten, and by the looks of it, all of them are still held back by our plans, so who is the new one who appeared?"

There were some old men standing beside the woman in white behind the multiple layers of protection created by those in the Immortal sects. These old men's faces were filled with shock, and they were all speaking out of surprise. They might be standing in a circle, but none of them possessed the power of Ascendance. They were at most in Soul Transformation Stage, yet all of them were in possession of divine senses that had surpassed the limits of their current level of cultivation.

They were four old men, and they were originally sitting cross-legged on the ground with their divine senses spread outwards to gather on the woman in the middle. Due to the change in the battlefield at that moment, grave expressions appeared on their faces.

"Could it be that the information we obtained was wrong, and that cultivator in Ascendance who we learned was dead didn't truly die?!"

"This is the only explanation…"

The woman in white remained calm as she looked at the rolling black fog in the distance. After some time, she uttered softly, "He noticed me…" There was an airy and ethereal quality to her voice, as if it did not belong to this world.

"Notify Hidden Dragon Sect and send a Warrior Immortal to kill this person. If it won't be able to kill him, then at least have it tie him down!"

The woman in white had a flat expression on her face. Once she finished speaking, the four old men behind her used some sort of unknown method and contacted Hidden Dragon Sect, and one of the seven Galactic Warrior Immortals crouching down on the mountains spotted a brilliant light flashing in its eyes. It stood up, and when it took a step forward, it grabbed the mountain with its right hand and left into the black fog with it as loud booming sounds echoed behind them.

The woman in white rubbed the center of her brows and no longer bothered herself with this matter. To her, this was just an unforeseen accident, and once she sent a Warrior Immortal over, she would be able to wipe it clean.

She placed her gaze on the battle, and a light crease appeared between her brows for a moment before disappearing. She waved her right hand, and dozens of jade slips instantly appeared before her. Once her orders were placed on those slips, they immediately spread out.

Su Ming started retreating within the fog. As he moved about, he avoided the Evil Sect disciples around him. He narrowed his eyes and hid away the chilling glare in his eyes.

'That woman can see me… This doesn't fit into my plans… By the looks of it, the old men beside her fused their divine senses together and lent her their power. That's why she was able to locate me…'

Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes. When he turned his head to the side, he saw a Galactic Warrior Immortal leaping in the air, and as a loud bang echoed from the ground and the earth trembled, the puppet landed several thousands of feet away from him.

At the same time, a piercing howl sliced through the air. Right before Su Ming's eyes, when the huge Galactic Warrior Immortal landed on the ground, the mountain it brought with it came charging towards him with loud rumbling sounds.

The mountain was several tens of thousands of feet tall, and the force with which it was flung into the air was astonishing. It made all the Evil Sect members around the area to instantly turn pale and quickly avoid the place. The mountain approached Su Ming, making all the fog in the area it passed through to scatter in all directions, which resulted in a gigantic empty space!

The howling sounds were piercing to the ears. With a strange pressure on it, the mountain came charging towards Su Ming. When it closed in and was about to ram into him, the giant that had landed nearby lifted its head and let out a shocking roar. The clattering sounds increased in frequency, and it sounded as if there were some sort of gears turning in the giant's body, causing it to lift its foot swiftly and step on the ground before it rushed at Su Ming.

With each step it took, the ground would tremble and the fog would scatter. A monstrous wave of murderous aura came crashing towards Su Ming.

There was a mountain descending on him from above, and a Galactic Warrior Immortal closing in on him from the front, but Su Ming did not dodge. Instead, his lips curled up into a cold sneer.

This was just a mere Galactic Warrior Immortal, and it was even created in the land of Berserkers to boot. It only possessed the cultivation base and power of a Berserker who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm. When Su Ming had recovered just eight-tenths of his cultivation base, he could already fight against those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm. At that time, he was already halfway through to truly reaching Berserker Soul Realm. Once he started circulating all his power, killing one person or creature at the equivalent to those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm was nothing to Su Ming!

Not only was he going to destroy this Galactic Warrior Immortal, he was also going to destroy the woman in white's power that allowed her to keep her gaze fixed on him. Only then would he be able to continue moving about in the darkness, without anyone being able to see or find any traces of him.

Only then would his plans work as intended!

Almost at the instant the Galactic Warrior Immortal took its first step and the ground started trembling, Su Ming lifted his right hand and stomped on the ground. With it, he shot up from the land like a long arc that had erupted from the land and charged towards the mountain crashing down at him from above.

He was so quick that he appeared in midair in almost the blink of an eye, which meant that there was less than hundreds of feet between him and that gigantic mountain. A great wave of pressure fell on his body, but as Su Ming circulated all his power, that pressure instantly crumbled and shattered.

With a calm expression, he lifted his left hand and pushed against the sky. At the instant he did so, the mountain fell and crashed into his lifted left hand with a bang!

Booming sounds immediately resounded around Su Ming's entire body. It sank down swiftly, but right when it sank three inches downwards, Su Ming let out a cold harrumph and the power that belonged to the ancient Berserkers erupted from his left arm!

The Berserkers' cultivation methods and inheritance came from the first God of Berserkers, but the source of their power lay in their blood, and it was the blood they inherited from the ancient Berserkers, the people who were born with the power of Berserkers during the time before history was recorded! The first God of Berserkers had found a method for Berserkers to awaken the blood inheritance coursing through their veins so that they would no longer be barbarians and savages. Instead, they would be able to walk down the ways of cultivation, just like other people and make their race shine with a brilliant light!

A normal Berserker had very little of that ancient blood flowing through their bodies. Only when they reached the Bone Sacrifice Realm would they be able to gather up power and form the spine that belonged to the ancient Berserkers, who were also the true Berserkers. At that point, they would be in possession of extraordinary power.

Yet when it came to Su Ming, he had turned all the bones in his body and even his flesh as well as his blood into those of a true Berserker. It could be said that his body was already like those of the ancient Berserkers that existed before the recorded history!

This was something that even the first God of Berserkers had been unable to do when he made this cultivation system. That was why, as of then, what right did this puny mountain have to try and crush Su Ming's body?!

When the power of the ancient Berserkers erupted from Su Ming's left arm, the mountain was forced to a stop in midair with just one hand. Su Ming was barely noticeable under that ten thousand feet tall mountain, but he, who was seemingly unnoticeable and insignificant, was holding the entire mountain with just his left hand. He spun his body slightly, causing the mountain to shift to his right hand, and then, he threw it swiftly towards the spot where the woman in white was surrounded by the numerous Immortals!

Piercing howls that shook the sky and earth rang in the air, and the mountain charged straight towards the woman in white, while loud rumbling sounds shot up into the sky!

This scene was incredibly shocking, and before the woman in white had time to react to what was happening, Su Ming had lowered his head swiftly. A sneer revealed itself on his face, and killing intent shone in his eyes when he charged down towards the ground.

He was so quick that before anyone could see what was happening, he had already completed the entire process of descending from midair to the ground. When he appeared there, he took a huge step forward and appeared right before the Galactic Warrior Immortal that was roaring ferociously.

One punch!

Su Ming's abrupt appearance was as if he had forced his way into the empty space before the Galactic Warrior Immortal. When he appeared, his body still remaining as an indistinct blur, his fist landed on the Galactic Warrior Immortal's body with a loud bang.

Loud booming sounds shook the world, and even the powerful Immortals in Ascendance who were fighting against each other in the fog felt their hearts shake, but they did not have any time to take a look at the source of the tremors. They were all fighting, and could not afford to be distracted.

With that one punch, the light within the Galactic Warrior Immortal's eyes instantly vanished, and cracks started spreading rapidly throughout its body from the spot where Su Ming's fist had landed on its chest. In a span of a breath, the gigantic Galactic Warrior Immortal shattered into pieces with a bang, turning into a large amount of torn pieces and gears that tumbled backwards. At that moment, Su Ming's body was fully revealed in the air. He took a step forward, and with a piercing screech that signaled of the air being sliced apart, he shot through the crumbling Galactic Warrior Immortal and flew into midair.

He was fast, so fast that when he was done killing the giant, the mountain he had tossed from midair was still charging down its trajectory and hadn't yet fallen to the ground!

In a flash, Su Ming caught up to the mountain and swiftly landed on its top. As the mountain charged forward, his image as he stood there became the center of attention for all those who saw him, and dazed expressions appeared on their faces.

The person on the mountain had long robes than danced in the air and long hair that moved with the wind, and it was an image that filled the stranger with an indefinable, elegant air!

It was a pity that there were not many people who were paying attention to Su Ming at that moment. The place was filled with fog that had caused even the divine senses of everyone to be slightly blocked off, making it seem as if it sealed off all the people's gazes. However… there were still people who managed to see the sight.

The woman in white's pupils shrank, and an incredibly rare expression of intense solemnity appeared on her face. In fact, her breathing had even paused for a moment. The four old men beside her could no longer find it in themselves to remain seated. All of them stood up and looked towards the sky as they sucked in sharp breaths. Their faces were filled with shock and astonishment.

"He killed a Galactic Warrior Immortal with just one punch!"

"Who is he?!"

"When did such a powerful person appear in Evil Sect?! Why didn't we receive any information about him?!"

A glint appeared in the woman in white's long and narrow eyes. When she lifted her right hand, the four old men immediately formed a seal with their hands. Immediately, their divine senses joined together and surged into the woman's body. She swiftly widened her eyes, and her divine sense immediately grew several times in size. As if it had gained physical form, it charged towards the incoming mountain, as well as towards Su Ming who was standing elegantly on its top.

A loud bang shot into the air, and it turned into an endless amount of echoes. Once the mountain crashed into the woman's powerful divine sense, it instantly shattered into pieces and crumbled apart. A large amount of broken stone pieces shot outward, and for a time, it looked as if female deities were throwing down petals from heaven. It was a dazzling sight to behold.

Once the woman in white cut off Su Ming's charge, exhaustion appeared on her face, but immediately after, her expression changed drastically.

"Something's not right!"

The mountain was destroyed too easily. Once that thought appeared in her heart, she whipped her head around and saw a shadow flashing past two of the four old men behind her. Then, their heads were separated from their bodies, and shock appeared in their eyes as their heads flew into the air.

That shadow was originally going to disappear, but it stopped for a moment and turned its head around to look towards her. It opened its mouth and moved its lips, but no sound appeared, neither were there any thoughts sent to her.

'He didn't come to kill me. He just wanted to destroy the support I had that allowed me to cast that divine ability to keep my gaze on him…'

The woman in white's face turned pale and she staggered a few steps backwards. There were multiple layers of Immortals surrounding her, yet none of them had noticed anything. This made a chill creep through her entire body despite the fact that she was surrounded by a crowd.

"Don't provoke me, huh…?"

The woman bit her lip. She had been able to understand the words Su Ming had mouthed before he left.
