# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 649

Su Ming left.

No one could stop his arrival, and neither could anyone stop his departure. If he wanted to kill that woman in white, he could do so with ease, and no one would be able to stop him.

The woman was rather beautiful and would make others pity her, but in Su Ming's eyes, it did not matter whether his enemy was a man or a woman, they were nothing to him! Su Ming was not concerned with the woman's survival, but she could not die at this point, because if she died, then perhaps other forms of change will appear in the Immortal sects, and the goal of making both sides fight against each other until they died would not be accomplished.

He only came here to destroy the focus the woman in white had on him. It was just like destroying one of the eyes on a person, so that he or she will be unable to continue sensing him. From there, Su Ming could fuse back into darkness and make sure no one noticed him.

The woman in white shuddered lightly and watched Su Ming's shadow disappear. The focus she had on Su Ming had also disappeared without a trace and she could no longer find him.

The two old men beside her had incredibly dark faces, but they did not do anything extreme. The power in their opponent had completely stunned them to their feet.

Only at this point did the Immortal sect disciples that had provided them with those multiple layers of protection notice what had happened. As their hearts trembled in shock, expressions of astonishment appeared on their faces.

A light breeze blew past the land. That wind could not blow away the fog, but the bloody stench in the area was swept up and started spreading outwards. The two headless corpses on the ground started giving off a presence that chilled others to the bone.

The woman in white remained silent for a moment. When she closed her eyes and reopened them shortly, calmness returned to her eyes. She continued sending out the orders on her jade slips to the other Immortals, but she no longer did anything against Su Ming.

To her, the death of the two old men in the sect was a warning. The voiceless words Su Ming had sent to her before he left also gave that warning a bloody air.

If she continued provoking him, then the ones who would die next would be her and the remaining two old men.

She was not a part of the three sects and was only invited here to organize this battle. She had no reason to give up her life for this.

As Su Ming left, the sounds of battle continued reverberating in the air and grew more intense as time went by. There were few who could see Su Ming's actions due to the fog. Even if they did notice it, they would still lose track of Su Ming's presence as Su Ming hid himself away from the fog once again.

At that moment, Su Ming stood on one of the corners of the battlefield. Fog surrounded him, and with an aloof expression on his face, he spread out his divine sense and watched the changes in the battlefield. The Verdant Abyssal Seal on his left hand was absorbing all the aura of death coming swiftly towards him from all directions.

Screams of pain and booming sounds crisscrossed with each other and reverberated in the air throughout the entire battlefield. The battle between both sides were intense and there seemed to be no end to it. The Evil Sect's charge in the start and Su Ming's attack had caused the Immortal sects to remain on passive, and this had caused them to pay an incredibly large price.

Most of those who died were the disciples from the Immortal sects.

However, once the woman in white fell into a brief moment of silence and started sending off her orders again, Su Ming noticed something different in the corner of the battlefield. He saw a change. He saw the brigades in the Immortal sects suddenly change. They were no longer brigades formed of a thousand people, but were brigades formed of three thousand people. Once they fused together, they seemed to have formed a new formation, causing the momentum of the battlefield to abruptly change, and once the brigades that had lost their leaders fused together with the others, they turned into a fan shaped formation and started retreating.

In Su Ming's eyes, the actions of several tens of thousands of people doing such a thing was an incredibly grand thing. As the ground continued shaking and rumbling, Su Ming's eyes immediately started shining when he saw the Immortals doing such a thing.

'There has been quite a lot of deaths in the Immortal sects… Now, it's Evil Sect's turn!' Su Ming did not want any side to obtain a kill count that would decide the tide of the battle, or else there would not be too many people who died at the end. He wanted both sides to suffer huge losses and wanted both Evil Sect and the Immortal sects to be completely annihilated.

A cold smirk appeared at the corners of his lips. With one step, Su Ming moved, and he immediately began swimming about in the fog. There were a few Evil Dust Sect disciples not too far away from him. All of them were surrounded by sandstorms, and they were all charging towards the Immortal sect brigades in the distance, but as Su Ming closed in and a loud rumble rang in the air, those sandstorms collapsed, the Evil Sect disciples within them widened their eyes. A bloody hole appeared at the center of their brows. A cold shadow from the fog in the distance also appeared in their eyes before it swiftly disappeared.

He stopped the charge from Evil Sect and gave a chance for those in the Immortal sects to change from being on the passive to taking the lead in the attack. Su Ming believed that even if the people from those Immortal sects would be hesitant and doubtful, they would still walk down the path for the plan he had after they after having so many of their own die.

At that moment, Su Ming moved about the fog at an extremely fast pace. He lifted his right hand and seized a completely Evil Lust Sect disciple charging past him while roaring in bloodthirst, completely unaware of his presence. At the moment he was taken aback, Su Ming had already pressed his right hand on the top of that person's skull. He did not kill him, but that Evil Lust Sect disciple started trembling viciously. A dead look appeared in his eyes, and veins started popping up on his face, as if he was suffering through an unimaginable pain.

But he could not make a single sound. His skin grew dark, as if a layer of black smoke had appeared on him, and it was continuously spreading through his entire body. With the person in hand, Su Ming started moving through the fog like the wind.

Wherever he went, Su Ming would not hesitate even a single bit and point towards all the Evil Sect disciples he met on the way. All those people from Evil Sect who he touched with the tip of his fingertips would shudder and their life force would immediately leave their bodies before they breathed their last.

The limitation on their power caused all the people Su Ming killed to have no possibility of defending themselves against his attacks.

However, there were far too many fights in this place. Su Ming might have a high level of cultivation, but it was still difficult for him to kill all these people with just his power alone. However, the slaughter he rained down as he moved like a fish in water in that fog made his existence become like that of a nightmare in this battlefield.

This nightmare continued. Su Ming moved freely like flowing water in the fog. The path he chose leaned close to the front of Evil Team's assault team. Wherever he went, blood would fill the area, and shrill screams of pain would immediately reverberate in the air.

When Su Ming rushed to the middle of Evil Sect's team and he pulled back his left hand right before the confused gaze of an Evil Sect disciple. At the instant that Evil Sect disciple fell down, the Evil Lust Sect disciple who Su Ming was still holding onto in his right hand had already turned completely dark. All his hair fell off from his head, and it was the same for his teeth. The bones in his body also became soft and limp, and his entire body had already withered and shrank into a bundle.

There was a strange and enchanting air within this darkness, causing all those who saw it to be unable to help themselves but feel their hearts tremble. There was also a faint fragrance coming from this person's body, and all those who breathed in that fragrance would feel relaxed and happy, but if they breathed in that scent for too long, they would started nauseous and would want to puke out even all their organs.

This strange smell and sensation… came from the Curse!

As Su Ming's level of cultivation increased, his ability to utilize the Curse also became much stronger than before. The Curse he cast at that moment was another way to use this Art. It was a cursed person formed after he fused the Curse with Shamanic Spells, causing the person to be in a state of being alive and dead, like a living dead person, and like a dead living person!

As the power of the Curse continuously fused into the person's body, he would turn into a cursed body, and the more Curses he contained in his body, the level of destruction would be greater once he self-destructed. In fact, it would even bring a disaster to the area!

This was also the first time Su Ming used this method. As he grabbed that cursed person in his right hand, he moved about in the fog until the vague shadows of nearly a hundred people from Evil Sect appeared before him. Without any hesitation, Su Ming jumped up, then threw the Evil Lust Sect disciple in his hand to the ground with one powerful throw.

The Evil Lust Sect disciple's eyes began shining in a strange and enchanting light. At the instant he fell on the ground, his body exploded with a bang, and a layer of fog that was similarly black in color instantly swept towards all directions with loud rumbling sounds. Wherever it went, all those Evil Sect disciples that were touched by this fog would immediately start trembling viciously, and a large amount of black spots would appear on their skin.

Su Ming was still in midair. Just when he was about to turn around and leave, his heart suddenly leaped in his chest. He clenched his right hand into a fist and hurled a punch straight towards the air to his left. A loud bang rang in the air, and the fog to Su Ming's left instantly disintegrated. A person was revealed in the fog, and he coughed up blood as he fell back. When his face was revealed, Su Ming recognized him with just one glance. That person was Sikong, and his face was filled with shock and disbelief at that moment.

Su Ming turned his head around and cast Sikong an aloof gaze.

"Who are you?!" Sikong's voice was rather piercing to the ears. Almost at the same time he said these words, blood trickled down the corners of his mouth once again and sharp pain shot up in all his organs. His cultivation base had even begun showing signs of instability. The jade pendant hanging over his chest also shattered as cracking sounds shot into the air.

A small black patch had also appeared on his skin due to the Curse seeping into his body, and it was still spreading continuously while spreading out a presence that made Sikong's skin crawl as terror filled every fiber of his being.

'What is this divine ability?! It has a power that surpasses those in the great circle stage for Ascendance!! This is…' Sikong sucked in a sharp breath. His jade pendant could withstand one full powered blow from an Immortal at the great circle stage in Ascendance, but it had shattered just now, which meant that the punch this person delivered just now had already surpassed those in the great circle stage in Ascendance.

He was shocked. The black patch on his body was already the size of a fist, and while there was no pain coming from it, when Sikong swept his gaze towards that black patch, he could feel a strong threatening presence from that patch. It made him nervous, and he swiftly retreated. As his heart pounded in fear, he almost reached the fastest speed he could muster while he retreated. Su Ming narrowed his eyes. There was a pair of powerful cultivators in the great circle stage in Ascendance from Evil Sect and Immortal sect fighting in the direction where Sikong retreated. Su Ming fell into a moment of pensive silent before he let out a cold harrumph. He did not chase after Sikong. Killing or sparing Sikong was a small matter to him. Turning the battlefield into chaos was more important to him right then.

"How dare you try to ambush me, who came from Great Leaf Immortal Sect, with your puny power," Su Ming spoke flatly, then turned around and disappeared from the spot.

'Great Leaf Immortal Sect! He's a person from Great Leaf Immortal Sect!' Sikong could not control himself and coughed up blood once again. As he swiftly retreated, he saw that the person did not chase him down, and when he saw this, he clenched his fist. Hatred as well as madness appeared in his eyes.
