# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 652

Chenchong's pupils shrank. Without any shred of hesitation, he quickly withdrew. The eyes of the Hidden Dragon Sect disciples behind him turned red, but they forced down the madness raging in their hearts and ran, intending to leave the place.

Right behind them was that cultivator in Ascendance!

Almost at the same time the group with Chenchong at the head started retreating, the Evil Dust Sect cultivator turned his head towards them with an incredibly sullen face. After a moment of hesitation, a murderous glare appeared in his eyes. He could not offer any sort of explanation on the battlefield, and even if he did, it would be of no use.

The only thing he could do right then was to kill all those who saw this to prevent more chaos.

Once he killed all these people, then even if they investigated this matter in the future, he would still have a way to avoid it. After all, if he let these people escape due to a moment of hesitation, then while the other people's words might not be that believable, he knew that a single one from Chenchong would be much more credible, because he was Hidden Dragon Sect's prodigy!

And even though he knew that this was someone's scheme, he could do nothing about it!

In frustration, he lifted his right hand and seized the air. Immediately, the storage bag from the corpse flew up. Once he caught it in his hand, he started chasing after Chenchong and the others.

However, he was only giving a small amount of his concentration to Chenchong and the others in the front. Most of his attention was directed towards the fog around him, where that mysterious person who had killed the Hidden Dragon Sect cultivator in Ascendance was.

He might not be able to see him, but he knew that the person was definitely still lurking around.

Yet now, besides chasing down Chenchong and his group, he no longer had any other solutions to this problem. Once he let Chenchong escape, then no matter how he tried to explain his actions, it would be useless.

Besides, this was war. If he ended up killing someone… then that was that!

Chenchong's expression was incredibly dark. He might have seen that scene just now with his own eyes, but there was a sliver of doubt in his heart. No matter what, he was a man with extraordinary wit, and if he thought about this carefully, he would find something off about the situation. However, everything had happened too quickly, and he had too little time at hand. He had to think about this carefully before he could figure out the whole situation.

After all, before the war began, Evil Sect and the Immortal sects had arrived at a silent consensus - no powerful warriors in Ascendance were allowed to die in this battle.

Even for the prodigies, they would only be in slight danger and might even be exposed to possible death, but the possibility of that happening was slim to none.

Deaths could occur in this war, but they had to be controlled!

After all, it did not matter whether it was Evil Sect or the Immortal sects, they were all Immortals. They had all naturally understood the first God of Berserkers' blatant plot against them. That was why they had come to an agreement to control the deaths among their people.

Yet the chaos in the battlefield right then seemed to have caused an accident to happen in this controlled situation… the death of the cultivator in Ascendance. It made Chenchong's heart tremble in shock, as well as filled him with uncertainty.

However, all of these disappeared when the Evil Dust Sect cultivator started chasing after him, and a sense of danger rose within Chenchong's heart. He could sense other's killing intent, and because of that, all his uncertainties and questions disappeared like a puff of smoke, to be replaced by rapid thoughts of fleeing.

'Could it be that Evil Sect really wants to destroy all those from Immortal sects here?!'

A glint appeared in Chenchong's eyes. Several shrill screams of pain came from behind him, all of them belonging to his fellow sect members from Hidden Dragon Sect. When he turned his head around to look, he saw that the powerful Evil Dust Sect cultivator in Ascendance was killing his sect members.

Time flowed by quickly. The face of the person from Evil Dust Sect turned incredibly dark, and frustration filled his entire body, but he quelled it. This was not caused by anyone's Art, but was due to his own heart becoming increasingly filled with anxiety.

He could not catch up to that Chenchong!

It was not because he did not have enough power, and neither was it because someone was interfering with his actions. Instead, it was because Chenchong had executed the Fleeing Blood Art and even possessed a plethora of endless Enchanted Treasures that he used without stop. This resulted in not only his speed reaching an extremely fast pace, but he had also managed to not die after being hit with three strikes!

'Just how many defensive and escape treasures did Hidden Dragon Sect give this boy?!' The Ascendance cultivator from Evil Dust Sect gritted his teeth and gave chase once again. 'Damn it, why did this happen?!'

He had to continue chasing Chenchong. Things had already progressed to this point, and he could not give up right then, or else he would be unable to explain his actions, especially since he knew full well of the agreement in this battle.

As these two people continued their game of cat and mouse, Su Ming moved about in the fog and watched their antics. Most of the time his gaze fell on Chenchong, and he had the same feelings as the Evil Dust Sect cultivator when he saw just how many Enchanted Treasures he possessed, as well as how quickly he moved.

He had originally decided to help Chenchong in secret, but by the looks of it, there was no need for him to do anything. All of the things happening at the moment were just allowing his plan to come to fruition even more perfectly.

Chenchong was in an incredibly pathetic state. All of the Hidden Dragon Sect disciples around him had either scattered or been killed by his pursuer. At that moment, there was no longer any doubt in his mind. He had only one thought in his head, and that was to run as fast as possible while holding back the person behind him so that the scattered disciples could notify their sect.

Evil Sect wanted to destroy the Immortal sects in this battle!

Yet as shrill screams of pain sounded around him, his heart trembled, and his eyes became bloodshot. He was familiar with those screams. They all came from his fellow sect members who had chosen to split up and escape… All of them were being killed in an attempt to silence them.

Whenever Chenchong heard a scream of pain coming from a certain direction, he would instinctively choose to avoid that place. He charged forward in a manner of following some kind of path, one he was completely unaware of.

If there was an incredibly skilled hunter watching by the side, he or she would definitely be able to tell that Chenchong was escaping like a trapped animal who had its entire path controlled. Every single one of his actions were decided by the hunter who had hid himself in the fog.

This was an advanced hunting skill, and Su Ming had mastered it in Dark Mountain when he was still a teenager.

When he was in Dark Mountain, the first Black Mountain Tribe member he killed had died because he had his every move controlled by this skill!

'I can't die! I have to tell my sect about this!'

Chenchong bit his tongue again and coughed up blood. His speed increased and he shot out in a dash. A loud boom rose into the air behind him, and a layer of yellow light appeared around him. Vague outlines of nine golden dragons surrounded him, but once the booming sound reached him, three of them instantly died.

But his speed increased exponentially due to his crazed dash and his attitude of not caring about his injuries. In the span of a breath, he charged into the area before him. The Evil Dust Sect cultivator behind him was giving close chase. The two of them rushed ahead, one right behind the other, and they ran straight into the center of the battlefield. Over there… was the spot where Hidden Dragon Sect's Jingnan and Evil Dust Sect's Shihai were fighting.

When a loud bang reverberated in the air, Jingnan let out a cold harrumph and fell back. He was feeling heated up due to his fight, but he still managed to control himself and did not truly fight with the intention to kill. Yet when the bang shot into the air and he took a few steps backwards along with Shihai, something suddenly seized his attention, and he swiftly turned his head around. In a glance, he saw the prodigy of his sect, Chenchong, rushing over from not too far away!

"Grand Sect Elder, the Great Sect Elder has died. I saw him killed by an Evil Dust Sect Ascendance cultivator with my own eyes… He's chased me all the way to here, and all my fellow sect members were killed by him on the way!"

Right at the instant Chenchong saw Jingnan, he immediately shouted with agitation brimming in his heart and soul. Once he finished delivering his words, it looked as if he had spent the last ounce of his strength and fell headfirst to the ground after coughing up blood.

Jingnan was momentarily stunned by the news, and Shihai's pupils also narrowed because of it.

Right at that moment, the Ascendance cultivator from Evil Dust Sect appeared in the area in a flash. When he saw Shihai and Jingnan, his face instantly turned pale.

"This is…"

He instinctively turned towards Shihai, wanting to explain his actions to his Grand Sect Elder, but immediately after, true killing intent appeared for the first time in Jingnan's eyes. With one move, he charged towards that cultivator.

Shihai's expression was as dark as thunderclouds. He could vaguely tell that there was something off about this, but he was also uncertain. After all, the person who said these words was Hidden Dragon Sect's prodigy, Chenchong. The extent of his injuries also made it clear that he had been on a desperate run here… and this Sect Elder from his own sect had chased him down to this place.

Yet even so, Shihai could not just stand by and watch a powerful Immortal in Ascendance from his own sect being killed. With a single move, he immediately blocked off Jingnan's path by standing in front of him, and for the first time, the two of them brought out their full power that crashed against each other.

As loud booming sounds surged into the sky, Jingnan's rage-tinted laughter immediately echoed through the entire battlefield.

"Shihai, your sect killed my Great Sect Elder, and you even wanted to kill our top disciple to silence him! How dare you try and stop me?!"

Once his voice resounded through the entire battlefield and everyone heard it, the land fell silent for an instance.

Moments later, a furious roar came, immediately shattering the silence!

"How dare you kill our Great Sect Elder?! We will absolutely not forgive this!"

This voice was filled with an infectious power. Once it burst forth into the air, it caused a completely different wave of rumbles and fights to swiftly stir up in the entire battlefield!

The woman in white staggered and her face turned pale. She had finally managed to see through the mysterious person's plans, and when she wanted to stop this, a chill suddenly appeared in her heart. She had a vague feeling that there was a pair of eyes looking at her coldly from the fog in the battlefield, and if she did anything at all, then she would die on the spot, just like how the old men in her sect had done long ago.

"Don't provoke me, right…?" The woman in white closed her eyes in silence. She was not part of the three sects, and did not want to die because of this.

The battle instantly reached an intense state due to the death of Hidden Dragon Sect's cultivator in Ascendance. Su Ming watched it coldly from midair. The Verdant Abyssal Seal on his left hand was becoming richer in color, and the power of the Curse in his right hand was also increasing swiftly.

"The more you kill… the better," he mumbled softly. His gaze fell towards the spot where Hidden Dragon Sect was on the ground. At that moment, there was a shocking roar resounding from that spot. That roar did not come from a cultivator, but... a dragon that had been summoned by some unknown method!

This was a real dragon, due to the presence of flesh and blood. It might only be ten thousand feet long, but right at the instant it appeared, a powerful pressure swiftly spread out through the area.

Su Ming narrowed his eyes. Once he cast a glance at the dragon, he lifted his head and looked towards the sky beyond the fog. Over there, Ji An and the Di Tians' battle had already reached an intense point. The waves of power stirred up by the booming sounds were much stronger than before, and in fact, not long after Su Ming began watching them, he saw one of Di Tian's clones wiping the corners of his mouth.

'Is he injured…?' A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes.
