# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 654

The Immortal instinctively withdrew and wanted to temporarily leave this place, but before he could retreat too far, Su Ming swiftly caught up to him. He lifted his right hand and pointed towards him.

In the eyes of the Ascendance cultivator from the Immortal sects, there was Su Ming, and there was also Bitu. He was right behind him and moving towards him with a face as dark as thunderclouds.

This scene made the Immortal's heart lurch, and because of the attack just now, the first thing he thought of when he saw this was that it was a trap!

"Fellow Daoist Sun, don't misunderstand, I have nothing to do…"

When Bitu saw that the expression on that man's face, he immediately tried to offer an explanation. He knew that he had to make things clear as soon as possible and absolutely not hesitate in this matter.

Yet before he could finish speaking, Su Ming had already closed in on the retreating Ascendance cultivator with his quick speed and tapped his chest. A shudder wrecked that man's body, and as he coughed up blood, he moved to dodge.

"I was also fighting against this person just now. He was the one causing the chaos! There's no need to waste our breaths, we just need to work together to kill him!"

Bitu's expression was incredibly dark. When he finished speaking, he took a step forward to charge towards Su Ming, and since he was afraid that the Immortal sects would misunderstand him, he started forming a seal with his right hand as he lifted it. A green lotus immediately appeared and rushed towards Su Ming.

"Brother Bi, why are you wasting your breath with him? I've already injured him, all we need to do is kill him!"

At the same time Bitu spoke, Su Ming's aloof voice rang in the air. He clenched his right hand into a fist and threw a punch towards the dodging old man named Sun. His attitude of completely exposing his back towards Bitu was seen clearly by the old man in Ascendance.

When he had originally heard Bitu's words, the path of his retreat had changed, and uncertainty grew in his heart, but when he heard Su Ming's voice, he became even more undecided. In the end, when he saw Su Ming exposing his back to Bitu, his heart trembled, and he withdrew even faster.

However, in his haste, he did not notice Su Ming gently flicking his left wrist behind himself when that lotus divine ability closed in on him. Due to it, time seemed to have flowed backwards, and the lotus divine ability as well as the raging Bitu both moved backwards slightly.

Because of that, Su Ming could calmly take a step forward and charge towards the escaping old man. In a flash, he disappeared.

This made it look as if Su Ming didn't need to dodge Bitu's lotus divine ability. The Ascendance cultivator, due to Su Ming swiftly appearing beside him a moment after he had disappeared, saw an illusion. Before he could even process what it was, Su Ming had already thrown a punch towards him.

"That man is skilled in imitation Arts! Fellow Daoist Sun, be careful!"

Bitu glared over with fire burning in his eyes. He was just about to take action, but shock appeared in his heart. He could not move his body forward, only backwards!

When his movements finally recovered, a loud bang rang in his ears.

The Immortals' Ascendance cultivator was only in the mid stage. When Su Ming threw his fist, he might have formed a seal with both his hands and pushed forward swiftly, but his body still exploded.

However, right when it happened, his Nascent Divinity swiftly escaped, and in an instant, he was already ten thousand feet away. He was madly escaping back to where the Immortal sects were located.

"Brother Bi, don't worry, that man's Nascent Divinity won't be able to escape!" Su Ming stated flatly and charged towards it with a whistle in the air.

"Shut up!"

Madness appeared in Bitu's eyes. A bang rang out in his body, but he could not fight against the time reversal Art. He might have spoken, but his body was still moving backwards, and anyone who saw this would only see a clear scene of him working together with Su Ming.

"My fellow Daoists in the Immortal sects and fellow sect members in Evil Sect, there is someone causing trouble in this war, and he wants both sides to fight to the death! He's skilled with imitation Arts and looks like a boy! He also has an art that can control time and make others move back...

"Brother Sun, don't misunderstand, this is…" Bitu yelled out quickly, but the more he spoke, the more he found even himself unable to believe in his own words.

Almost at the same time he said these words, hatred that surged into the skies rose within the fleeing Ascendance cultivator's heart. He had seen everything with his own eyes just now. It did not matter whether it was that art of five ghosts that was executed right at the start, Bitu's withdrawal in the middle, the destruction of his body, or his Nascent Divinity being chased down. All of these things made him certain that this was not just a misunderstanding!

If it was really just a misunderstanding, then he would have Bitu go through that 'misunderstanding' as well!

It was especially so when he heard Bitu's words. It only made him start laughing in anger as he continued escaping.

"Bitu, you old coot! My fellow sect members in all Immortal sects, those goons from Evil Sect want to cover up their misdeeds while destroying all Immortal sects. Sky Mist Dao disciples, you mustn't stop fighting… even if you die…"

Almost at the instant the Ascendance cultivator said these words, a shrill scream of pain cut them off, ringing through the entire battlefield. Su Ming flashed past that cultivator's Nascent Divinity, and with one punch, shattered it.

Due to the fog, only the man's voice had traveled through the entire area. However, all those who heard it could tell clearly that he had been silenced…

The temporary ceasefire which might have possibly happened became impossible. The Yin Dragons rained down chaos, the Shaman Souls continued their slaughter, while havoc occurred everywhere else along with never ending screams of pain!

Evil Sect and the Immortal sects had come to an agreement, but that consensus between them was incredibly fragile. Both sides were on guard against the other, and once this string of events occurred, it was practically impossible for any new agreement to be made between them!

Banging sounds echoed within the fog on the ground. As the battles continued at a frenzied pace, a red wave of ripples instantly came from Sky Mist Dao. Those ripples came from an oil lamp, and it was currently floating in midair. The oil within it was red, just like blood!

The lamp being lit up caused the blood on the ground to begin exuding an endless amount of blood fog as if it was boiling. It fused with the black fog, as if it contained some sort of venom.

There were waves of burning heat that instantly rose within the battlefield, as if they wanted to burn down everything.

This was Sky Mist Dao's retaliation after their Great Sect Elder died!

And since Hidden Dragon Sect as well as Sky Mist Dao brought out powerful Enchanted Treasures, it was only natural that Great Leaf Immortal Sect would not remain uninvolved. Four huge logs, several hundreds of feet wide, materialized right before it. There were a large amount of runic symbols drawn on them, and as they glowed, the four logs fell on the ground simultaneously.

Violent rumbling sounds spread out, and the entire ground immediately started shaking. Cracking sounds shot into the air as cracks tore the ground before the earth shattered. Thick waves of Earthen Aura gushed out, causing all the cultivators from Evil Sect who were touched by that aura to immediately start trembling. They then soon withered away and turned into skeletons.

In the midst of this uncontrollable situation, Evil Sect also brought out its ultimate moves. Each of Evil Lust Sect disciples brought out a blood-red skin pouch from their storage bags, and once they drank the contents, they instantly lifted their heads and roared. Loud sounds rang from their bodies, and they swelled up, growing much larger in size. Their eyes turned bloodshot, full of crazed killing intent.

As those roars echoed in the air, their power increased exponentially, and as if they did not know pain and fatigue, they rushed out with sounds reminiscent of wild beasts.

Red beads of sweat appeared on their bodies, and as they moved forward, this red sweat bounced off their skin and swiftly gathered in midair to turn into a gigantic blood-red kirin!

This creature might look indistinct, but when it appeared, its presence shook the sky and earth so greatly that it made even the fog in the area sink slightly!

This was true war. The outburst of new battles and the increase in the number of deaths let Su Ming suck in a deep breath of the bloody stench in the battlefield. Pain appeared on his left hand, and it was the type that would only appear if his hand was swollen. This was caused by absorbing too much aura of death, but he still continued making the mark on his left hand continue absorbing more

The Curse on his right hand had already made it turn black. The number of people who were affected by the Curse also grew, and every single time one of them died, their bodies would explode, and the people around them would be infected.

Su Ming hid away all his presence. He could feel several divine senses stretching out madly through the battlefield, clearly looking for him, but they could never manage to find him. As the war continued, the number of people who tried searching for him decreased, but there were still about three or four them!

Su Ming was leaning against the stone on which he'd sat at the start of the battle. Qian Chen was behind him, still lying on the ground and pretending to be dead. He might not know what was happening around him, but the continuous booms and screams of pain as well as the boiling blood on the ground filled him with shock and fear.

A little while after the amount of battles increased exponentially and the number of deaths jumped by leaps and bounds, Su Ming noticed two war chariots of a thousand feet in size appearing within Great Leaf Immortal Sect in his divine sense!

A destructive presence that made even his pupils shrink spread out from those war chariots. Soon after, as shocking booms erupted from them, two rays of white light rose into the air from with a bag and charged towards Evil Sect. At that instant, the world turned white.

It was as if time had stopped during that instant. Immediately after, a deafening noise shot up. A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. The aura of death coming from ten thousand people was surging towards him madly, without being seen by anyone else.

The shocking presence erupted once more from the two war chariots from Great Leaf Immortal Sect. Su Ming sucked in a deep breath, and an incredibly solemn expression appeared on his face. He did not expect that Great Leaf Immortal Sect would be in possession of such a terrifying Enchanted Treasure!

His eyes sparkled, revealing a hint of excitement within them. This was the first Enchanted Treasure from all those he had seen among all these sects that had ignited a strong wave of interest in him.

Just as he was about to go forward, his footsteps came to an abrupt halt. His expression swiftly changed and he instantly lifted his head to stare fixedly at the area above him. At that moment, a gigantic vortex had appeared in the fog above him, and as booming sounds came there, a long purple arc came charging through it.

That long arc had descended from the sky into the fog, and it was… the purple-robed Di Tian!

His body crashed down with a loud bang, and right behind him was a black fan that was staying on his heels in it spread out form!

At that moment, Su Ming could no longer suppress his killing intent and madness. In fact, he no longer wanted to suppress it. He did not expect that one of Di Tian's clones would descend here, resulting in the two clones being separated!

This was a chance, a chance that was, to Su Ming, given by heaven!

His eyes immediately turned bloody red!
