# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 655

Should he fight, or should he not?!

Should he attack, or continue holding back?!

This was an incredibly difficult choice. However, Su Ming had to make his decision as soon as possible, right at that moment. If he chose correctly, then his chances of killing Di Tian's clone would increase, but if he chose wrong, then everything he had done up to this point might come to naught.

Di Tian's clone had already descended to the ground. Once a loud bang shot up, the fog swiftly spread outwards, making it seem as if was about to be completely chased away from the ground.

The land trembled, and the fan that chased after the purple-robed Di Tian swiftly closed in on him. By the looks of it, it seemed like the thought of killing Di Tian was embedded within the very core of its being.

Su Ming's eyes turned blood red. Veins filled his entire face. This decision was too important. This chance was too rare. This threw Su Ming's original plan completely off balance.

His chance was right in front of his face, but was this a real chance or a gigantic trap? Su Ming… could not tell.

'I'll take that risk!'

A red glow shone in Su Ming's eyes. He was unwilling to accept giving up on this chance, even if it was a trap. If that was really so, the bait within that trap was still enough to tempt Su Ming.

His goal was to kill Di Tian's clones, and if those two clones were separated, then it would be the best chance for Su Ming. Even if it was a trap… so what?!

Resolve appeared on Su Ming's face. He sucked in a deep breath, and in an instant, his entire presence retreated inside, not a single hint spilling out. Then, like a sword in its scabbard, he began swiftly charging towards Di Tian without a sound.

There was no sound of anything slicing through air, neither was there any piercing whistles. There was only a wave of killing intent that would not retreat or back down until it tasted blood. That killing intent was kept within Su Ming, and it was a powerful will that would either burst out in an explosive force in silence, or die in it!

Su Ming charged towards Di Tian, and he was so quick that no words could describe his speed any longer. Not even saying he was like a flash of lightning would suffice. Everything before him turned into a blur. The only thing clear was the purple figure, that person who he hated to his very core and had sworn to kill.

The existence which prevented him from reaching Berserker Soul Realm, which controlled his life, and even turned everything in Dark Mountain into an illusion

During the two battles they had fought against each other, Su Ming had once killed Di Tian with an external force, and during the second time, he had lost horribly, even sustaining grave injuries…

'Even if it's a trap, I will still attack!'

An astounding roar shot up in Su Ming's heart. It rumbled within his body, but not a single sound spread out. It gathered within him, fused with his will, and turned into the astonishing speed of his movements right then.

In an instant… No, not even arriving within an instant could describe Su Ming's speed any longer…

The flow of time slowed down in Su Ming's eyes. He swam past an endless amount of disciples from Evil Sect and the Immortal sects. All these people's movements were incredibly slow. It did not matter whether it was their movements or their roars, their attacks or their retreats, everything had slowed to a pace that it seemed as if they were putting in their last struggle as they were caught in mud before they eventually sank into it.

All the scenes, all the bodies around Su Ming had slowed down into a blur. Only Di Tian's body remained clear. At that moment, he was just about to lift up his head as he stood up on the ground and wipe away the blood at the corners of his mouth. His gaze was not directed towards where Su Ming was, but at the fan that was closing in on him from the sky.

Time froze at this instant!

Su Ming traveled even faster with each passing moment, just like a sword that was slowly being drawn out of its scabbard. At the instant he was less than hundreds of feet behind Di Tian. All his power, life, Qi, will, and every fiber of his being fused together and gathered into one small dot that broke through the space within the world to appear right behind Di Tian!

Everything about him turned into a single finger. At the instant he pointed forward, the world lost all color, the universe rumbled, everyone and everything around him were no longer moving in slow motion, but became completely still.

Only his finger charged towards that purple-robed Di Tian like the shadow of death!

Right at the instant that finger of his was about to land, Di Tian, who had his back turned towards Su Ming, turned his head around swiftly, and a brilliant ray of light erupted forth from his awe-inspiring eyes.

"I knew… I would be able to lure you out…"

Even at the instant that purple-robed Di Tian said these words, not a single hint of emotion stirred up in Su Ming's heart. That sentence only meant that his previous uncertainties were not unfounded, and they also showed that the purple-robed Di Tian's descent to the ground was completely intentional. He wanted to use this method of separating one of his clones from the other to lure out… Destiny, who Di Tian believed might come!

Su Ming had firsthand experience of just how calculative and intelligent Di Tian was since a long time ago. When he encountered it again, even though he was guessing whether he would fail if he attacked… but with enough bait, it was still enough for Su Ming to choose the option to attack, despite knowing just how dangerous it would be!

Di Tian was fishing. He scattered his bait, thinking that he would just be fishing for a normal fish, and a normal fish would surely die without a doubt if it took that bait. But Di Tian… should be afraid of not only losing that bait, but also… catching a murderous dragon that would devour him!

With a calm expression, Su Ming's finger swiftly landed against Di Tian's lifted right hand.

At the instant they touched, the dot that was formed after Su Ming fused his power, life, will, and everything else erupted with a bang. Then, like a sword that was drawn out from its scabbard, the killing intent he had suppressed for a long time erupted at full force!

"Di Tian!"

Su Ming's low growl fused together with the astonishing booms that shook the sky and earth, and like the might of heaven itself, he poured out every fiber of his being into his attack.

Such a loud bang was something that had never appeared before on this battlefield. Even if there had been an endless amount of battles on the ground previously, a noise of this intensity had never come to be. This bang sounded as if it should not have appeared in this world. When it echoed in the air and spread out, an innumerable amount of disciples from Evil Sect and the Immortal sects shuddered and coughed up blood as they fell backwards.

There were even quite a few that could not withstand the shock and exploded.

A layer of ripples with Su Ming and Di Tian as their center spread out with loud rumbling sounds towards all directions. Wherever they went, the fog on the ground would fall back, the bodies of the disciples from both sides would be swept up against their will, and the endless amount of stones on the ground would turn into smithereens with a bang!

In the midst of that sound, a shudder wrecked through Di Tian's body. Blood trickled down the corners of his mouth. This body of his had already sustained injuries when he fought against Ji An, and with that clash, the power that erupted from Su Ming caused his heart to tremble, and he took a few steps backwards.

Su Ming's right index finger exploded. As it was reduced to a bloody mess, he coughed up a large mouthful of blood, but he forced himself to stop, preventing any signs of retreating to appear on him. An even quicker speed erupted from him, and he charged straight towards the purple-robed Di Tian.

"I've been searching for you for a long time. I deduced that if you learned of our battle against Evil Sect, you would surely conceal your identity and come to this place… Indeed, you did not disappoint me…"

A brilliant light appeared in Di Tian's eyes. His goal in this fight against Evil Sect was not Destiny, but truly the control over Eastern Wastelands Tower. However, using this incident to lure out Destiny was one of his intentions.

He could not find Destiny. No matter what sort of Arts he cast, he could not find him. That sort of feeling that made him feel as if something was stuck in his throat made him remember the battle he had had against Su Ming all those years ago, and killing intent would rise within him whenever he recalled it.

All Immortals knew about Destiny, but only Di Tian alone had executed a plan to use him. This plan had dragged in too many people, and there were some other sects that were involved in it, but he hid the real truth from them. If he succeeded… then Di Tian might even have a chance to usurp Dao Chen and replace him!

However… when he fought against Su Ming all those years ago, he had witnessed Su Ming's power to turn back time, had seen him turning into Destiny. This was something he would never forget, and his heart had even shuddered lightly, something that rarely happened to him.

It was also right at that moment that he clearly realized… that a fatal flaw had appeared in his plans for Destiny. A crack that could not be closed up had opened up, and the possibility of him succeeding in his plans was already slim to none. In fact, it was already completely impossible for them to work.

He thought about that he would have to face Su Ming once he grew up into a terrifying existence, as well as the series of problems that might be brought to him once more people learned of his plans, and … his thoughts changed.

He endured the pain and gave up on the plan that could no longer succeed even after he had prepared it for ten thousand years. He wanted to destroy Destiny and wipe away all traces of that plan without making a single ruckus.

The battle between the Immortal sects and Evil Sect was a great chance to lure him out in Di Tian's eyes. That was why… he had descended to the ground earlier, so that he could use himself as bait and make Su Ming attack him.

He knew that no one else would dare to attack him if he descended on the battlefield due to his status. Once anyone tried to ambush him, then that person… would definitely be the Destiny that he had been unable to find!

However, he had not expected that the power Su Ming could bring forth would be so much greater compared to what he possessed in the past, just a short few years back. That one tap had actually made Di Tian's pupils shrink and even torn through the injuries in his body.

As Di Tian retreated, Su Ming swiftly rushed forward and lifted his left hand. At the instant he pushed his palm towards the sky, a large amount of green fog instantly spread out from his left hand. That green fog stirred all the aura of death in the battlefield, and as it gathered and was absorbed into Su Ming's hand, the world rumbled at the instant he raised his left arm, its palm facing the sky.

'So what if it's a trap?! As long as the bait is good, that is enough!'

The green fog surrounded Su Ming's left hand, then spread out to turn into seven green shadows. They swiftly grew larger, and in an instant, surrounded the entire space between the sky and earth, catching everyone's attention in the battlefield!

The fog Ji An placed in the battlefield had already been torn into several pieces due to the impact just now. It fell backwards in all directions, as if several pairs of invisible hands were chasing it away, and for the first time since the battle started… the ground became clear!

There were only several tens of thousands of people left at that moment, and their gazes all gathered on Su Ming and Di Tian!

Even the eyes of Ji An, who had been fighting against the golden-robed Di Tian in the sky, flashed with a brilliant light. He whipped his head around to look towards Su Ming, and a strange smile gradually curled up on his lips.

"I see… so that's it!" His smile grew wider.
