# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 656

"Who is he?"

"That boy looks like he's only fifteen or sixteen, but the person he's fighting against is… the Heavenly Emperor Di Tian! It's Lord Di Tian!"

"He can fight against Lord Di Tian, not perishing from that first strike, and not only did he not withdraw, he even took the initiative and attacked… This… This is…"

Once the fog on the ground scattered away, tens of thousands of gazes instantly gathered on Su Ming and Di Tian, and an uproar immediately rose into the air.

All of this was because of Di Tian!

If Su Ming was not fighting against him, then it would be difficult for him to catch such a shocking level of attention, and cause such an astonishing level of commotion among the people. Di Tian's status was simply too high. He was one of the three Sovereigns and five Emperors among the Immortals and had the highest level of cultivation among all those in the Immortal sects who descended in the land of Berserkers, even if this was just his clone and not his real self.

Even if he was just a clone, he still possessed power that was enough to cause all those around him to look up to him, causing all those who were currently watching the fight to feel their breathing stop. Disbelief appeared on their faces.

It was especially so for those who knew Su Ming. Their faces were rife with the inability to accept this. Bao Qiu looked at the sky with a dumbfounded face as she stood on the battlefield. Her head was ringing and her thoughts were in a mess. Even though she knew that Su Ming had extraordinary power and she had even witnessed him fighting against Shen Dong, but she would never have expected… that he would dare to attack Di Tian!

Who was Di Tian? He was one of the five Emperors, and these people were the strongest among the Immortals, those who had reached the pinnacle of all pinnacles. Even if it was just a clone, this sort of person could still make the weather change if he wanted to.

A dazed expression appeared on Bao Qiu's face, and she didn't manage recover even after a long time had passed.

It was especially so when she saw that exchange of blows between Su Ming and Di Tian just now. Su Ming might have gained an advantage because he laid out an ambush, but the fact that he had not managed to get himself killed by Di Tian's attack was still enough to make his name ring through the world.

But she did not know that this was not the first time Su Ming had fought against Di Tian. In truth, this was his third time!

In fact, Su Ming had even managed to kill one of Di Tian's clones. He might have used the power from the God of Berserkers, but the clone had still died, and that was fact!

During the second time, Su Ming might have been wounded badly and lost horribly, but he had made Di Tian pay for the consequences. He had forced him into an incredibly pathetic state!

This was the third time. With Bao Qiu's power, what she saw was Su Ming ambushing Di Tian, but that was not the truth. Di Tian was not completely unprepared. The exchange of blows just now was a true clash between the two of them.

Qian Chen was originally pretending to be dead, but when the fog scattered and he saw Su Ming fighting against Di Tian in midair, he started trembling and rubbed his eyes hard before a stunned expression appeared on his face.

'Senior… That guy is too bold, to the point he's reckless! He… He actually went and challenged Di Tian… Oh dear, it's over now. I trusted the wrong person… This guy's dead meat…'

As these thoughts appeared in Qian Chen's mind, his heart started racing in his chest. He might be regarding Su Ming's situation with a rather pessimistic outlook, but in the depths of his heart, he was gradually growing more excited.

His gaze as he looked at Su Ming made him feel as if he was getting to know him again.

Shen Dong's expression changed several times. He looked at Su Ming, who was fighting against Di Tian, with a complicated look on his face. The seven Verdant Abyssal shadows in the sky were extremely familiar to him. This was originally his divine ability… the Seven Abyssal Yin Death Seal.

This was also one of the reasons why he had been able to recognize Su Ming at first glance. This person, who had fought against him just recently, had left a deep memory in Shen Dong's mind. He had also gained a lot during that fight, but he had never imagined that their second meeting would be under such circumstances.

He immediately remembered the chaos that had occurred between Evil Sect and the Immortal sects just moments ago, and knew that it must have come from this person's hands. As for why he did it…

'He wants to kill Di Tian!'

Shen Dong's heart trembled. The answer he obtained made him think that his thoughts were incredibly absurd, but what he saw right before his eyes made him suck in a deep breath. This was because Di Tian was retreating while wiping the corners of his mouth, while Su Ming's Qi was growing with each passing moment.

In Shen Dong's eyes, this Su Ming was already far too different from the one who had fought against him. They gave off two entirely different feelings of power, and if the one who had fought against him previously had been the one who attacked Di Tian, then their battle might have immediately ended right when it started.

"It's him… It's him…"

There was a person mumbling right next to Shen Dong, and the one who was doing it was Evil Lust Sect's Bitu. He stared at Su Ming in the sky, and all his blood turned cold. This was a person who could fight against Di Tian. This thought made all his original intentions of searching for Su Ming to kill him so that he could take revenge vanish like a puff of smoke.

However, for a reason that was unknown even to him, when he looked at Su Ming, a vague sense of familiarity rose in his heart. Yet his face and his divine abilities were incredibly foreign to him, making this sense of familiarity really out of place. It was odd.

In truth… Bitu was not the only one who had this sense of familiarity rising within the depths of his heart!

When all those familiar faces within Su Ming's memories gathered their gazes on him as they stood on the battlefield, that sense naturally rose within them as well.

Yet this familiarity ran into conflict with the unfamiliar sight before them, causing all the people who had this feeling to not say a word. All of them only thought that it was a figment of their imagination.

However, even though Su Ming's appearance had changed, due to their encounter in Freezing Sky Clan, Beiling and Chenxin's sense of familiarity gradually overlapped with Su Ming's current appearance. This feeling then turned into a complicated look on their faces.

The woman in white from the Immortal sects had a pale look on her face, and she did not regret her previous decision. Right then, the sight before clearly proved that if she had exposed this person earlier and affected his plans to kill Di Tian, then the only outcome waiting for her would have been death.

Her death would have been nothing, but since this person possessed the courage to fight against Di Tian and had even laid out such a plan to kill him, then he must surely have some level of confidence to do so. Once… she provoked this sort of person, then there was a high chance that she would be bringing a large problem to her own sect!

Su Ming stared at Di Tian. He knew that there were tens of thousands of eyes looking at him at the moment, but he paid no attention to them. Right then, the only thing that existed in his world was Di Tian.

There was only one thought that existed in his mind at that moment as well - kill Di Tian!

Seven large green shadows connecting the sky and earth surrounded him, forming an indescribable wave of pressure that made the world lose its color, caused the earth to tremble, and made a solemn look appear on Di Tian's face.

Seven Abyssal Yin Death Seal. The more aura of death it absorbed, the greater the power it would deliver. At that moment, this seal had absorbed the aura of death from tens of thousands of people, and as Su Ming executed this Art, the seven shadows instantly gained corporeal form.

Their green robes, thick waves of death, and their hidden faces caused the seven shadows to look like the Kings of Hell. At the same time, a dignified air spread out from their bodies, and they looked as if they were connecting with the underworld.

They… took a step forward simultaneously and appeared around Di Tian. At the instant they surrounded him, Su Ming spoke at a shocking volume, his words falling into the ears of all those who were watching the battle.

"Seven Abyssal…"

When Su Ming let out a low growl, the seven shadows lifted their heads at the same time. Dark light shone from within the robes that covered their bodies, and an exceedingly thick wave of death immediately spread out from them to cover the sky and seal off the ground.

The light in the world started twisting and getting indistinct at that moment. The world seemed to have lost a large amount of color within a moment, turning into a desolate land of only black and white.

"Yin Death…" Su Ming growled. The seven shadows instantly bent their backs and bowed swiftly towards Di Tian, who was surrounded in the middle!

At the instant they bowed, Su Ming flew up and pushed his left hand swiftly towards the sky.

"Activate, Verdant Abyssal Seal!"

The purple-robed Di Tian's expression changed. At the instant the seven shadows around him bowed, he suddenly felt his life force swiftly disappearing. It was as if his Life Matrix could not withstand the seven shadows bowing towards him. It was rapidly disappearing, and for the first time, signs of death descended on him.

The purple-robed Di Tian let out a cold harrumph. He prepared to lift his hand to form a seal to cast an Art so that he could fight against Su Ming's divine ability. He had confidence that he could kill Su Ming in this place, and he would not allow any situation where he could not find him arise again.

This time, to make Su Ming appear, he had even used himself as bait. When he lifted his right hand to form the seal, he was almost certain that he could make this divine ability shatter, no matter how extraordinary it was.

Yet right at the instant he formed that seal with his right hand, suddenly, Su Ming pushed his right hand into his bosom and clenched the grass knot doll in his robes.

A shudder wrecked Di Tian's body. His cultivation base started becoming chaotic, as if he could no longer control it, which was a rare sight.

This sort of chaos was completely inconceivable to him, especially when he was fighting against someone. The appearance of this chaotic cultivation base left Tian momentarily stunned. He might have quelled that chaos in the span of a breath… but he was too late!

When the seven shadows bowed to him, the world roared. Even Ji An and the golden-robed Di Tian swiftly retreated with their expressions changing. Then, right before their eyes, a large amount of clouds in the sky started flowing backwards, revealing the clear sky behind them!

Cracks started appearing swiftly in the sky, and with a bang, it shattered, as if a hole been opened up. An endless amount of Yin Death Fog madly surged in during that instant, as if it was sucked in. A roar reverberated through the are, and the Yin Death Fog charged towards Di Tian.

From the distance, it was as if a gigantic pillar of fog had descended from the sky beyond and crashed down.

Di Tian was just about to dodge, but he suddenly felt a sharp stab of pain. His cultivation base became chaotic again. His expression changed drastically, but he could no longer dodge.

CRASH!

A gigantic pillar of fog that was a thousand feet wide descended to the ground from the sky, with Di Tian right in the middle of it. He was completely covered by it. The pillar of fog charged towards the ground, and when a roar surged into the sky, a tremor so great it had never appeared before spread out through the land, causing the tens of thousands of people left in the area to immediately withdraw in an attempt to dodge.

Shock-filled eyes gathered on Su Ming from all the directions. Those gazes were filled with shock, disbelief, confusion, and even more so, astonishment.
