# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 658

At the instant the doll was dyed black, Di Tian's footsteps came to an abrupt halt, coming to a complete stop hundreds of feet away from Su Ming. His expression turned incredibly dark, for a large amount of black aura had appeared around him out of nowhere.

He couldn't not stop. At that instant, he felt as if he had lost control of his own body. A power that actually terrified him seemed to be staring at him in the form of a pair of eyes in the endless universe.

This was a form of might. It was a form of… pressure that came from the ground, the world, the entire land of Berserkers. For some unknown reason, it now had gathered on his body.

Black smoke surrounded him, and it grew extremely thick in an instant.

This was Su Ming's Curse. The black smoke was his killing intent, his desire to kill Di Tian!

It was originally impossible for the Curse to gather on Di Tian, but due to Su Ming's skillful execution of his Art, the connection tying the grass knot doll and Di Tian was successfully used to lead the Curse on Di Tian.

"I curse you… that you will fall into the rivers of the netherworld and never see light again!" Su Ming took a step forward, and with his Curse-ridden right hand, he ripped off the doll's right arm!

"I curse you… that no matter in which universe they are, all those with your blood coursing through their veins would perish, die, and sink into hell along with your soul!" Su Ming took another step forward and ripped apart the grass knot doll's left arm.

Panic appeared on the purple-robed Di Tian's face, which was a rare sight. He could feel pain coming from his right arm, as well as the pain of his left arm being torn. More importantly, the black smoke had already seeped into his body… and he could not even move an inch.

'This is impossible!' Di Tian roared in his heart. To him, Su Ming was somebody who's fate had always been controlled. Even if he was able to free himself from its shackles some time ago, since he had yet to grow strong, he was still just an ant in Di Tian's eyes.

Di Tian was confident that he could crush that ant, even if he had to do it a few times. Still, whatever happened, Su Ming would be unable to escape from his palm. That was why he had thought of using himself as bait, but now… Su Ming had attacked twice. The first time was when he had used that Verdant Abyssal Seal, which had made Di Tian use his divine ability and his Enchanted Treasure to resist it. This time, he had attacked with the Curse's power.

And he had lost all his mobility. He could no longer control his own body. The shadow of death looming over his heart grew endlessly, making him have the impression that at the moment he made himself bait, he had cut off all his escapes!

This bizarre scene made all those who saw it to suck in a sharp breath. They were unfamiliar with this particular Art, especially since that doll in Su Ming's doll looked simple and even comical, yet no one could laugh. A chill that came straight from the depths of their hearts filled all their souls at that instant.

An Art that could control someone with just one doll. An Art that could curse others with just one doll, and there was no way to guard against it!

Right then, Su Ming had turned into the epitome of malice and strangeness in the eyes of those tens of thousands of people in the area…

The golden-robed Di Tian's pupils shrank as he remained in the sky. In fact, a large amount of black smoke had appeared around him as well. As it did so, he could clearly feel the panic within the purple-robed Di Tian's heart.

However, the golden-robed Di Tian was clearly more powerful than its counterpart. At that moment, golden light shone on his body, and as it did, it looked like it was fighting against the black smoke, allowing the golden-robed Di Tian to be able to move. And he did so. But just as he was about to charge out, he was once again blocked off by Ji An.

"Ji An! This has nothing to do with you! This is my private matter, how dare you stop me?!" The golden-robed Di Tian's voice reverberated in the air.

"The Candle Dragon's Curse… He's quite remarkable… As for you, well, I can choose not to stop you, as long as you admit defeat and let Evil Sect have control over Eastern Wastelands Tower…" Ji An smiled. He lifted his right hand and seized the air in the direction of the ground. Immediately, a fan swiftly flew up from the ground. Once he held it in his hand, he looked towards the golden-robed Di Tian.

A dark glint flashed briefly in the golden-robed Di Tian's eyes. Without a single word, he lifted his right hand and formed a seal before he pointed towards Ji An, who responded with a loud laugh. He swung his fan forward, and the two people were immediately engaged in a battle in the sky.

One of them wanted to rush forward, while the other would not allow it. In an instant, the battle between them erupted and grew intense.

As the two of them fought, Su Ming's voice reverberated in all directions.

"I curse you… that your soul will suffer through billions of billions of reincarnations, then suffer through the grudges of the world, and endless destruction!

"I curse you… that your skin will disintegrate, that your flesh will rot, and you will have a taste of the greatest pain brought to you by the world, forever and ever…

"I curse you… that your bones will shatter, inch by inch, into fragments and turn into sharp spikes that will devour your flesh and blood…"

Su Ming ripped off the doll's legs and tore apart its body. There was an indescribable hatred and madness within his voice, and just by listening to it, it was enough to make anyone begin trembling from the depths of their hearts. It was even more so for the frozen purple-robed Di Tian.

"I curse you… that your bloodline will end, that your soul will scatter, that your body will rot, that your bones and flesh will be destroyed, and that you will suffer an eternity of being devoured by wandering souls!

"I curse you… to die! Die! Die! DIE!"

Su Ming let out a loud roar and coughed up a mouthful of blood. His face instantly turned pale. The blood fell on the grass knot doll, and the world instantly started roaring. Thunder rumbled without end in the sky, and a blood-red vortex even manifested with loud banging sounds. The edges of that vortex were black, and it covered the entire sky.

This was not the only spot in the sky where something like this happened. At the same time, eight other identical gigantic blood-red vortexes appeared all over Eastern Wastelands. They were like eyes of the sky that remembered Su Ming's words, were bearing witness to his Curse, and… were obeying his voice!

"An anomaly in the world!"

For the first time, Ji An's face changed drastically as he fought against that golden-robed Di Tian, who also had a similarly shocked face.

"This person's Curse actually brought about an anomaly in the world… This can only mean that the world has obeyed his Curse! This… This is not a single person's Curse, but the Curse of the entire land of Berserkers and their universe! Di Tian, just what did you do to offend this person?!" Ji An's pupils shrank.

A shocking clamor shot up from the ground underneath, and all of it was because of that anomaly that had appeared in the world!

"With my life, with my power, with every single fiber of my being, I curse all of Di Tian's clones to perish in the land of Berserkers, and from now onwards, this world forbids Di Tian's existence!"

Blood poured out from Su Ming's eyes, ears, nose, and mouth.

His right hand was no longer black. All the black smoke from it had already surged into the grass knot doll, and with his right hand, Su Ming ripped off the doll's head!

The sky roared. The earth trembled. And those rumbles did not just come from Eastern Wastelands, but also South Morning, the Alliance of the Western Region, and from Northern Province as well. The entire sky in the land of Berserkers was roaring. Blood-red vortexes appeared in large quantities throughout the whole world.

The trembling of the land was not limited to just Eastern Wastelands, either. Those tremors shook through all the continents in the land of Berserkers, all the islands, and all the living beings!

It was as if Su Ming… represented the entire world of Berserkers at that moment!

He lifted his right hand at that moment and pointed towards Di Tian!
