# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 659

Su Ming's long hair danced in the wind as he stood in midair. His face was pale, but the brilliant shine in his eyes made him into the most eye-catching existence in the world.

At that moment, it was as if Su Ming had turned into the beloved child of the entire world of Berserkers. All the land was trembling because of his will, was hateful because of his dislike, and was roaring because of his intent to kill.

This was a divine ability that stirred up the entire world of Berserkers, and it was the first time any of the tens of thousands of people in the land saw something like this in their lives. A cold chill rose in all of their hearts, and they suddenly had a feeling that they did not fit into this world.

The sand on the ground tumbled about above the ground, as if the tens of thousands of Immortals' existence there obstructed its path. Wind would occasionally blow past them from all directions, and while it seemed gentle, it would suddenly become strong when it fell on their bodies.

The clouds in the sky far ahead sank a lot further down, and at the same time a shadow loomed over everyone. The numerous blood-red vortexes in the sky let out loud rumbling sounds as they spun in a terrifying manner, as if all the lives within the world of Berserkers were roaring.

These roars came from the vortexes in the sky, the wind, the clouds, the sand on the ground, all the mountains, the rivers, the deserts, the plains, as well as the endless amount of lives in the world, be they dead or alive. Everything within the world of Berserkers had fused into those roars.

Within them were the cries of infants, the grudge-filled shrieks of women, the furious roars of men, the piercing howls of anger from ferocious beasts, and the biting, threatening sounds that came from the plants as they sashayed in the wind.

They contained the strikes of water against rock as rivers flowed down the mountains, the roars from the plains, the collapse of the mountains, and the surging waves from the Dead Sea. Everything had fused together with the roars coming from the Berserkers' sky.

At the same time these roars rang in the air, it was as if a voice that could not be heard with human ears lipped into those sounds. This was an indescribable will that had appeared once all the sounds within the land of Berserkers had fused together.

"Get out of our world!"

It was the will contained within all the roars that caused the world of Berserkers to surge towards all the Immortals with an unseen force at that instant, as if all the Immortals… were being rejected by the entire world at that moment!

It was as if the land had been persecuted for tens of thousands of years while enduring through all that suffering throughout the ages, and at that moment, it reached its breaking point. It was as if the land and its people could no longer bear with it, and they wanted to surge out like an explosion to expel all Immortals!

It did not matter whether it was the Immortal sects or Evil Sects. All the cultivators' expression immediately changed. Even Ji An's expression changed drastically, as he fought against Di Tian, and he whipped his head around to look at Su Ming.

That moment was when Su Ming lifted his right hand and pointed towards the purple-robed Di Tian.

The golden-robed Di Tian's pupils shrank. At the instant Ji An was shocked because of Su Ming causing the entire world of Berserkers to roar due to one finger, the golden-robed Di Tian took a swift step forward and charged towards Su Ming.

'Resonance… This is resonance! This is the entire world of Berserkers resonating with this child!' Ji An sucked in a sharp breath. He had noticed the golden-robed Di Tian leaving the place, and after a moment of hesitation, he chose not to stop him.

After all, he was also an Immortal… This resonance was too shocking to him. He had never heard of anyone capable of making the entire world resonate with him. Perhaps only the first God of Berserkers had been able to do such a thing in the past?

'Even the master of a world would not be able to resonate with his world. Even the strongest person of a race, too, would be unable to cause this sort of resonance… unless…' Ji An's pupils shrank.

Even if the golden-robed Di Tian was charging forward, he could not change what was already set in stone. At the instant Su Ming's finger swung down, he pointed towards the purple-robed Di Tian.

When he completed the motion of bringing his finger downwards, a thick wave of fatigue appeared in Su Ming's eyes. There was a dull look within them. But it did not matter whether it was the fatigue or the dull look that showed, what lay within the deepest depths of his soul was tranquility.

The purple-robed Di Tian shuddered, and disbelief appeared in his eyes. For the first time, he was shocked, and it was to such a degree that even Su Ming's calm heart was pleased when he saw it.

Di Tian… was afraid!

This was the first time Di Tian clearly showed his fear before Su Ming, and that fear caused his haughty image to crack.

"So… you know fear as well!"

Su Ming's finger swiping downwards instantly caused the purple-robed Di Tian's face to turn pale. Blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth, and a large amount of black patches appeared on his body. As they started rotting away, it made Di Tian suffer an indescribable pain while he remained frozen in place.

He could also feel his body being strongly rejected by the world at that moment. It was as if there was no possible way that he could coexist with this place. If he did not die, then the killing intent of this world would never cease!

Murkiness replaced the clarity in his eyes, and if anyone had seen the muddy rivers of the netherworld, they would be able to tell with just one glance that the murky shade in Di Tian's eyes was no different from those rivers!

It was as if the purple-robed Di Tian's eyes had turned into the rivers in the netherworld!

They covered his eyes, causing him to never be able to see light again. This was the fulfillment of Su Ming's first curse!

"I curse you… that you will fall into the rivers of the netherworld and never see light again!"

The purple-robed Di Tian could not open his mouth. His throat churned rapidly, as if a shrill scream of pain was raging in his body, but could not find release. His right arm looked as if it had been grabbed by a huge invisible hand at that moment, and it was yanking it outwards.

Then, right before tens of thousands of shocked gazes, the purple-robed Di Tian's right hand was torn off his body, just like how Su Ming had ripped off the grass knot doll's arm previously. It was as if the purple-robed Di Tian had turned into the doll in Su Ming's hands just moments ago!

At the same time, the golden-robed Di Tian, who was closing in from the distance, stopped as a loud bang rang in the air. His face turned pale, and blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth. When he looked towards his right arm, he saw the signs that it was about to be ripped off.

A murky shade had also appeared in his eyes, and it was fighting against the golden light within them. He had to stop, because during the previous instant, the wind before him had instantly grown stronger and had come charging towards him in an unseen manner. Even with the golden-robed Di Tian's powerful strength, he still had to stop moving before the wind.

This was not any ordinary wind. This was the will that came from the entire world of Berserkers, from the incredible force rejecting his existence. If the golden-robed Di Tian dared to take one more step forward, then this force rejecting his presence that was formed from all the power in the world would become even stronger.

"How could this be…? This is impossible!"

The golden-robed Di Tian let out a low growl. He took a swift step forward, for he had to save the purple-robed clone. He might be a clone himself, but the will of his real self in the land of Immortals had let him know that his real self had four clones, with the addition of one more that he had just recently obtained a few months ago. However, from the four, one had already died previously, so no more deaths could occur, or else it would cause quite a significant effect on his real self.

Almost at the instant the golden-robed Di Tian paused, the purple-robed Di Tian lost his right hand, and that limb instantly turned into black ashes. When it scattered away, not a single drop of blood fell from the now-empty shoulder.

Because… he no longer had any blood. His blood and his veins had already been completed corrupted due to Su Ming's second Curse!

As a result, the blood at the corners of the purple-robed Di Tian's lips was swiftly dissipating while his face remained pale. At that instant, his left arm was also torn off by the invisible arm, just like his right arm.

The purple-robed Di Tian shuddered, and his hair was slowly changed from black to white. His face seemed to have aged within an instant, and with just one glance, it could be seen that his current appearance was different from how Di Tian looked.

All his life, Di Tian had never expected that his clone would one day be injured so badly by Su Ming's Curse. This Curse had already surpassed the limits of his power. It had fused with the will of the entire world of Berserkers, and it stood right above all forms of power gained from cultivation!

However, the purple-robed Di Tian's Curse was far from over; the outburst had just begun. As his limbs were torn off and his blood as well as his eyes were corrupted, he opened his mouth, unable to control himself, then lifted his head. His soul's presence seemed to have been sucked out during that instant so that it would suffer through the endless cycles of reincarnation within the world.

Piercing, shrill roars swiftly rose from all directions at that moment, and they came from the endless hate-filled spirits in the world. These spirits showed up in the sky, and they were of men and women, of the elderly and the young, and all of them were those who had died in the land of Berserkers.

The raging hate within these spirits rushed towards the purple-robed Di Tian at that moment and surrounded him before they started devouring his soul and his body with madness and enmity!

This was Su Ming's third Curse!

"I curse you… that your soul will suffer through billions of billions of reincarnations, then suffer through the grudges of the world, and endless destruction!"

As the endless hate-filled spirits devoured him, as the tens of thousands of Immortals shuddered and were overwhelmed by terror, as the golden-robed Di Tian roared and rushed over while throwing all caution to the wind, and as Ji An was shocked, full of complicated feelings…

The purple-robed Di Tian shuddered violently. Pain. It was painful, but he could not let out a single sound. It made him suffer through the utmost amount of suffering, and this suffering was enough to make a person's will crumble. More black patches appeared on his body until they covered most of him. The disintegration of his skin, the decay of his bones as well as his blood, and the extreme situation of being unable to scream even though he was in pain was as if the greatest amount of pain in the world had landed on him, and it would never end!

This was Su Ming's fourth Curse!

"I curse you… that your skin will disintegrate, that your flesh will rot, and you will have a taste of the greatest pain brought to you by the world, forever and ever…"

The purple-robed Di Tian, who had lost his arms and whose flesh was rotting away, was beginning to twist in a bizarre fashion. This was because all his bones were shattering inch by inch under the Curse. As they did that, they turned into bone spikes that reversed their positions and stabbed the purple-robed Di Tian's body from the inside.

This sort of pain was enough to make anyone's skin crawl once they thought about it.
