# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 660

What sort of enmity could possibly make a person curse another like this? What raging hate could make a whole world resonate with a person's curse…?

The pain the purple-robed Di Tian suffered from the bone spikes in his body at that moment came from Su Ming's fifth Curse!

Moreover, at the instant the Curse was activated so explosively, thunder rumbled in the sky, and a large amount of lightning appeared out of nowhere, once again blocking off the golden-robed Di Tian's path, who had once again intended to move forward!

This was no ordinary lightning, either, or else it would not have been able to stop the golden-robed Di Tian's path. It was formed by the whole world rejecting his existence. It had the strength equivalent to the lightning strikes from Heavenly Judgment, and it had the same strength as the Berserkers' Sacred Vessels.

Under the loud thunder, the purple-robed Di Tian's legs were torn off by the invisible hand, just like how Su Ming had ripped off the doll's legs previously, causing the purple-robed Di Tian to no longer have any legs.

Su Ming's sixth Curse was fulfilled then…

"I curse you… that your bloodline will end, that your soul will scatter, that your body will rot, that your bones and flesh will be destroyed, and that you will suffer an eternity of being devoured by wandering souls!"

Once the purple-robed Di Tian's body collapsed, Su Ming's seventh Curse was fulfilled!

A large amount of black smoke surrounded Di Tian's body, causing the majority of it to shatter, and his expression twisted. By then, his hair had already turned white. As his appearance changed, what appeared was no longer Di Tian, but a stranger.

Di Tian's presence on this stranger was rapidly disappearing at that moment…

It was also at this moment that Su Ming's eighth Curse arrived!

Lightning crackled. All the blood-red vortexes in the sky started shattering. The rivers boiled, the mountains roared, the plains collapsed, and all manner of lives fell into a daze… and the ground still trembled and the sky roared.

The final Curse made the resonance Su Ming had with the entire world of Berserkers reach a state that it had never achieved before. With it, the force of rejection formed by the entire world swiftly gathered in three directions!

One of them went toward the purple-robed Di Tian right before Su Ming, the other was aimed at the golden-robed Di Tian located a thousand feet away from this place, who was walking closer slowly as lightning and an endless amount of dimensional cracks appeared around him…

The final one landed in the direction where Sky Mist Dao was located, among the tens of thousands of Immortals on the ground. That place was originally empty, but right at that instant, as the air in that space distorted, a black coffin appeared!

That coffin was placed vertically on the ground, having been hidden previously. Not even Su Ming had been able to detect it. But right then, when the world of Berserkers rejected Di Tian's presence, it appeared.

There were numerous complicated runic symbols on the coffin. They were glowing, and all of them looked incredibly strange.

A shocking boom rang in the air. The purple-robed Di Tian's body crumbled before Su Ming, for the invisible hand had grabbed the man's head, and just like it had ripped off all his limbs previously, it now tore off his head!

Once the purple-robed Di Tian's head was ripped off, Su Ming's eighth Curse was fulfilled!

"With my life, with my power, with every single fiber of my being, I curse all of Di Tian's clones to perish in the land of Berserkers, and from now onwards, this world forbids Di Tian's existence!"

The purple-robed Di Tian's body turned into dust. His head turned black while in midair, rapidly decaying. As it rotted away, Di Tian's presence within it was destroyed with a loud bang by the repelling force from the world!

Once Di Tian's presence dissipated, for the first time, clarity appeared within the rotting head's eyes. His face was no longer that of Di Tian's, as if… he had never been Di Tian to begin with!

Clones were people who had their minds and intelligence wiped off to be turned into puppets once Di Tian obtained control over them. He would forcefully take over their bodies and refine them, turning them into his clones to descend in the land of Berserkers.

At that moment, as Di Tian's will was forcefully wiped off and the clone was going to die, that person… remembered his identity, remembered who he was, remembered… his memories.

A large part of his head had decayed, and it looked incredibly hideous and terrifying. Yet there was calmness in his eyes and a momentary astonishment when he lowered his head to look at Su Ming. It then turned into a dazed look that was soon followed by a smile that shook Su Ming's heart.

"You grew up…"

These were the only words spoken by the stranger through his unfamiliar lips. They were clearly not uttered by Di Tian, but by the real owner of the body. They were the words that belonged to this stranger Su Ming had never seen before, and they were the last things he said before he died.

There was an air of age contained within those words, along with a sense of relief. Once the head completely disappeared, the words gradually faded away...

Di Tian's second clone died!

At the instant he died, a purplish black stone flew out from the recently disappeared head. An incredibly thick Yin Death aura spread out from it, and there was a ripple spreading out from that aura that caused Su Ming's heart to tremble.

It was this ripple that made Su Ming open his tired and dull eyes.

In truth, once he pointed forward, he had already started slowly. closing his eyes. He had offered his life, his power, and everything within him to bring forth a Curse that resonated with the entire world of Berserkers, allowing him to finally kill Di Tian's purple-robed clone.

However, just killing this clone alone had made Su Ming… pay too great of a price.

At that moment, there was no longer a shred of strength left in his entire body. At the instant he opened his eyes and saw the purplish black stone, blood flowed out of the corners of his mouth, and his body plunged to the ground.

As he fell, the world before his eyes gradually turned indistinct, until he eventually saw nothing… However, he could sense that the ripples spreading out from that purplish black stone were so incredibly familiar. They had… his presence.

When he fell, the tens of thousands of Immortals' gazes were trained on him. There were complicated feelings in their eyes, and a variety of emotions, such as fear and relief.

Up till now, they still did not know Su Ming's identity or his name. They only knew that he was a Berserker… and that he had used a strange Art that could not be described with words. Then, right before the eyes of all those from Evil Sect and the Immortal Sects… he killed Di Tian's clone!

Everyone only knew that this person with a boy's appearance, whose name they did not know, had used all sorts of sinister methods, did everything he could at all costs—like causing tens of thousands of deaths— just to kill Di Tian!

He did it. Even if he had killed just one of Di Tian's clones… he still did it!

They watched Su Ming struggling to lift his right hand as he plunged to the ground, as if he wanted to seize something from the sky…

Su Ming was indeed trying to grab something. At that moment, his consciousness had already scattered, but he was instinctively lifting his hand to grab the stone that was giving him that incredibly familiar feeling.

The purplish black stone in midair shuddered and turned into a long black arc that charged straight towards Su Ming. At the instant his body crashed into the ground, the stone fused into the center of his brows and disappeared within him.

Su Ming's heart shuddered. He did not know how much time had passed before he eventually reached the ground, not feeling much of a rebound.

He did not know how much time had passed, because he could not see his body and because his vision had already turned indistinct. However, the tens of thousands of Immortals around could clearly see exactly what had happened during the time Su Ming was falling from the sky.

A great commotion resounded in the air, and the voices within were filled with shock, but it was a pity that Su Ming could not hear them anymore.

Ji An was staring at Su Ming blankly from the sky. His expression constantly changed, occasionally showing killing intent, and at other times hesitation. Su Ming's Curse and the resonance from the world of Berserkers was the reason why the usually resolute and sinister Evil Sect Sovereign would make such expressions. He saw… a strange sight that had left everyone in shock, when Su Ming fell to the ground just now.

"The Berserkers' kismet fused into him…" Ji An mumbled.

When Su Ming fell, his rapidly plunging body was supported by thick clouds that had appeared out of nowhere. Birds which had come out of nowhere charged in, supporting Su Ming's body even at the risk of their bodies being shattered.

There was also the wind that existed everywhere. It suddenly started blowing, slowing down Su Ming's descent. It was as if everything in the world was feeling compassion towards Su Ming and could not bear seeing even a single wound on his body.

The dimensional cracks that had appeared as he fell were also swiftly disappearing. The bolts of lightning that came towards him flashed as they surrounded him, as if protecting him and warning all the others in the area to not get even half a step closer to him.

In fact, the innumerable vengeful souls in the sky were also surrounding him while letting out anxious roars, as if they were trying to wake him up. There was also a large amount of green grass sprouting out below, where only empty ground had been previously.

That grass only grew in a small portion on the ground, and the speed of its growth was a startling sight. Because of everything, the speed at which Su Ming's body plunged down continued slowing down, and when he eventually reached the ground, not a single hint of injury could be detected on his body.

He was loved by the world… and the Berserkers' kismet was placed in his body.

Almost at the instant Ji An's expression filled with hesitation and complicated feelings, Su Ming's body landed on the grass. His vision scattered, and at the instant he looked as if he had sank into a state of unconsciousness, the golden-robed Di Tian let out a furious and shrill roar. His body was surrounded by a large amount of black smoke at that moment, and that black smoke… was the Curse!

Clearly, once the Curse from the world of Berserkers destroyed the purple-robed clone, it gathered on the golden-robed one with the full intention of destroying it as well!

The clone swiftly turned his head to look at the ground and at Su Ming, who was lying on the ground. As his expression twisted, he did not care about the power of the Curse spreading into his body at that moment and moved towards Su Ming.

His power surpassed that of the purple-robed clone's, and since Su Ming had not directly cursed him, he could move!

His speed was incredibly quick as he charged towards Su Ming. At that moment, Ji An did not stop him. All the Immortals around him were also just watching by the side. The conclusion of this fight was almost set in stone within everyone's minds.

Yet right at that moment, Su Ming's eyes suddenly flew open, and a change… happened!
