# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 661

With the aura of death accumulated from tens of thousands of people who died in battle, Su Ming had destroyed the purple-robed Di Tian's protective Enchanted Treasures, causing his defenses to be reduced to a certain extent.

With Han Mountain Bell delaying him for a while, Su Ming had also had enough time to bring out the source of his Curse - the red ring.

Once he put that ring on his finger, he used the grass knot doll to connect with Di Tian's soul, and with the Curse, he caused the entire world of Berserkers to resonate with him, causing the Curse to no longer be from him alone. It had become the whole world's curse.

This sort of power had already surpassed the limits of power from any sort of cultivation, and since Su Ming had offered up his life and all his power, even every fiber of his being, his killing intent had erupted with an explosive bang.

And it caused Di Tian's purple-robed clone to die!

If Di Tian had just sent a clone to this place, then all of what had happened would have meant Su Ming's success. He might have paid a great price, but he could still escape into the stone fragment's dimension to keep himself safe.

However… Di Tian had not just sent one clone, which Su Ming had only come to know after he came to this battlefield.

Once the purple-robed Di Tian died, he discovered once again that… there were not just two… there were three.

As Su Ming lay on the grass, his vision grew indistinct. His consciousness gradually scattered, but there was a hint of unwillingness within him to admit defeat, and that unwillingness turned into a crazed roar within his heart that continued stimulating it.

This unwillingness was because he had yet to complete his goal. He still had not killed all of Di Tian's clones.

He still… could not close his eyes!

The golden-robed Di Tian's arrival made that unwillingness erupt with a bang, which resulted in the dazed look in Su Ming's eyes rapidly scattering away. A determined gaze took its place, amid the fatigue.

To be able to instantly gather up his scatter consciousness when all his power had dissipated and when his life was almost gone was something that could only be done with an incredibly powerful will. Most people did not possess this sort of will, but Su Ming, who had gone through the endless cycles of reincarnation in the Candle Dragon's Undying and Imperishable World… He had such a will.

This was a will that would not be crushed by anything, a will that would allow him to grit his teeth and continue moving forward even when the world crumbled before his face! There was also… the assistance given to him by that purplish black stone that made him feel as if his soul had become complete.

"I can still fight back," Su Ming mumbled. At the instant the golden-robed Di Tian closed in on him with raging killing intent, Su Ming lifted his right hand with an effort… and struck the center of his brows.

At the instant his palm fell, a loud bang immediately traveled out of his body. There was also a great amount of Qi that erupted swiftly with crazed force within him.

The strength of that Qi allowed it to instantly spread out with loud rumbling sounds, causing the incoming golden-robed Di Tian to fall back at the instant he came into contact with it.

What caused him to fall back was not Su Ming's own power, but a force that had been stirred up in the world at that moment - the spiritual energy of the world.

An anomaly appeared once again in the sky right at that instant. Rainbows swiftly manifested up ahead, and they looked like bridges in the air, but there was no end to them.

As the air beneath the rainbows distorted, a mountain appeared. This mountain had five peaks, which made it look like a person's hand. It stood erect in the world, causing some of the tens of thousands of Immortals who saw it to immediately spot drastic changes in their expressions. Disbelief and dazed looks appeared on their faces, and they looked swiftly towards Su Ming.

Because this mountain… was Dark Mountain!

"This is… the manifestation of a Berserker Mark!"

"The power of the world is gathering together, and it's bringing a change in the sky. This is… he's attempting to reach Berserker Soul Realm!"

"He's trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm. Could it be… Could it be that the power he showed just now was not actually one that belongs to Berserker Soul Realm?!" The tens of thousands of Immortals around the area had an incredibly in-depth knowledge regarding the Berserkers' cultivation system, and there were quite a number of them who were able to tell what Su Ming was doing with just one glance.

Su Ming was indeed trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm.

In the moment of crisis, the instant the golden-robed Di Tian's killing intent came towards him, he knew that he still not possess the power required to retaliate. At that moment, he realized that he still had a hint of a chance to survive, and that was… reaching Berserker Soul Realm.

This was especially so since that purplish black stone had fused into his body. It allowed Su Ming to feel that the power stopping him from reaching Berserker Soul Realm had vanished.

That was why he had chosen to take that one step towards Berserker Soul Realm during this crucial moment!

Almost at the moment the rainbow in the sky appeared and the instant Dark Mountain's illusion manifested, the golden-robed Di Tian was forced to move back continuously, because the endless spiritual aura in the land of Berserkers was surging madly from all directions towards Su Ming's body. Along with it came a powerful force of impact that prevented all manner of life from stepping into the area around Su Ming.

This meant that the Curse was still effective. The rejection from the world of Berserkers was still around.

As Dark Mountain's outline grew clearer and Dark Mountain Tribe gradually manifested underneath, the grass and trees in the tribe showed up clearly, and shocked cries came from the tens of thousands of Immortals in the area.

At the same time, all the familiar faces within Su Ming's memories who now had their identities changed into the prodigies among the Immortal sects had different expressions on their faces as they stared blankly at the sky and Dark Mountain.

"Su Ming, he's Su Ming…" Wu Le mumbled.

She swiftly looked towards Su Ming lying on the grass. A vacant and miserable look appeared on her face, along with an array of complicated feelings. She would never have thought that the person who had made her heart tremble so much… would be Dark Mountain's Su Ming, the one from her memories!

Chenchon's eyes went wide. His breathing seemed to have come to a stop at that moment. Just like Wu Le, he whipped his head around to look towards Su Ming. His head was ringing at that moment, and his mind was completely empty.

Sikong and Shanhen were both trembling, and eventually, their gazes gradually fell on Su Ming. Their complicated emotions could be seen with just one glance.

"He's… Su Ming…"

Dark Mountain's illusion looked real in the sky. Slowly, there was no longer just grass, trees, and houses in the tribe. People, too, appeared… Within the tribe were the elder, Bei Ling, Chen Xin, Wu La, and all the people Su Ming could not bear to part with in his memories.

Perhaps these people no longer existed. Perhaps all of them were fake… but deep within Su Ming's heart, they existed. They lived in his heart, and even if these people were Immortals, even if he had been fighting against these people just a breath ago, they had once been a part of his life.

Perhaps more accurately speaking, as Immortals, they were their own existences, but the people in Su Ming's memories belonged to Su Ming and only Su Ming.

"This… This is… This is Wu Le and Beiling!"

"That person is Evil Spirit Sect's Shanhen… and also Great Leaf Immortal Sect's Chenxin…"

"That one is Chenlong!"

A commotion rose up as Su Ming's Dark Mountain mark manifested in the air. When its people took form, loud voices immediately rose among the tens of thousands of Immortals.

The voices instantly filled the air, and when the Immortals saw the people of Dark Mountain, most of their expressions were filled with shock, because they did not know why this had happened. There were also quite a number of gazes that had gathered on the prodigies among the Immortals once they saw the people in Su Ming's illusory Dark Mountain.

These Immortals saw the complicated expressions on the prodigies' faces, and everyone's hearts filled with shock, as if there was some sort of great secret contained within this.

This secret was something that all Immortal sects did not want any outsider to know!

The golden-robed Di Tian's face gradually turned pale. Ji An's expression turned increasingly dark as he remained in the sky. He seemed to have remembered something, and his gaze gradually fell on the golden-robed clone.

Right at that moment, distortions appeared once again in the sky, right beside Dark Mountain's illusion. This time, what appeared was another mountain, but this mountain was incredibly big. As it stood erect in the air, most of the people found that they could not recognize it.

Because this mountain did not belong to Eastern Wastelands but South Morning. It was… Freezing Sky Clan's ninth summit!

To Su Ming, this mountain was a place that coexisted with Dark Mountain in his life. Right then, it fused into his Berserker Mark and became a part of what would establish his Berserker Soul, a part of what he could not bear to part with.

There were also some people on the ninth summit, and they were his senior brothers, and his Master, people who were like his family!

The the ninth summit, alongside Dark Mountain, occupied most of the sky, resulting in the rainbows in the sky starting to shine even more brilliantly. A presence that belonged to Berserkers descended swiftly from the sky.

As it did so, the sky distorted, which caused the light to scatter and most of the land was suddenly covered in darkness.

It was as if something was trying to come out from those distortions. They continued spreading out, and in just a moment, they completely covered the entire sky over Eastern Wastelands.

During that instant, all the Berserkers within the Berserkers' tribes and clans in Eastern Wastelands felt their hearts trembling. They immediately put down whatever they were doing and left their houses to lift their heads to look at the sky. Their expressions changed to reveal shock… because they could feel their blood quivering within their veins.

These quivers were not shivers, this was their blood boiling as if it was set on fire!

This strange sight filled all the Berserkers with shock. They did not know what had happened to stir up their blood!

At that moment, the constant presence of the rising thick smoke that represented a Berserker who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm within one of the big tribes in Eastern Wasteland dissipated. An old man with a head full of red hair and whose body was covered in lightning stood silently in midair. He lifted his head to look at the distortions in the sky, and as he did so, his expression changed to reveal occasional ecstasy and perplexity before they eventually turned into a variety of emotions that constantly changed on his face.

He could feel his blood boiling, and could even feel his power… showing signs of increasing, despite it having remained stagnant for a long time. It might not be much, but the small increase made him unable to calm down for a long time. Excitement gradually appeared in his eyes, and it was one that he could not calm.

It made him remember a legend that had been passed down in the land of Berserkers since ancient times…

There it was said that when the God of Berserkers appeared, then the Berserkers' blood would boil, and the realm after the great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, which had disappeared along with the first God of Berserkers, would appear once more!
