# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 662

The northern part of Eastern Wastelands was formed when twelve tribes in Eastern Wasteland fused together ten thousand years ago to form one of the four great factions of power - All Entities Clan. The old man who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm and had fought against Su Ming indirectly in the past was trembling at that moment as he stood in the sky above All Entities Clan. Right below him were tens of thousands of Berserkers prostrating themselves on the ground, and excitement that had never been seen before appeared on their faces.

The old man looked at the distorting sky in midair and started laughing maniacally with his head thrown back. As he cried, tears of excitement fell down from his eyes.

"Our blood has been set on fire, and the God of Berserkers has been born, the Berserkers… are saved! All tribe leaders in All Entities Clan, come with me… to pay our respects to the Berserkers' fourth God of Berserkers!

"The time has come… for us Berserkers to retaliate!" The old man's laughter made it seem as if he had gone mad, but it was only that he had waited for this day for far too long. At this moment then, the day he had been waiting for so long, the day spoken of in the legends, had arrived!

The people from the twelve tribes in All Entities Clan let out roars that shook the sky and earth. Those roars were cries of excitement, shouts of madness, the resonance formed as the Berserkers' blood burned.

Long arcs swiftly flew up, and under the lead of the old man from All Entities Clan, a large half of the sky was replaced by an endless amount of long arcs. Whistling sounds rose and fell, and nearly ten thousand people charged through the sky.

They were moving in the direction their blood led them. It was the spot they could sense vaguely in their souls, the spot that was an unknown amount of distance away from this place… the spot where Su Ming was!

None of the Berserkers needed a precise direction. They only needed to go the way their blood boiled. The closer they were to him, the stronger their blood would boil, and that… was the best guide they could have.

In another direction in Eastern Wastelands was a place filled with trees that stretched endlessly. Poisonous fog surrounded the area, causing this place to look as if it had become a forbidden ground for all manner of life. Even if the Immortals knew that there was a Berserkers' tribe in this place, most of them would have been unwilling to come here.

The tribe here was one of the Berserkers' four great forces of power that stood toe to toe with All Entities Clan - Berserker Fang Tribe, as well as all the near a hundred small tribes that were its affiliates. The members of this union of tribes didn't leave their forest easily.

It was as if they had cut themselves off from the world. If the Immortals did not come to this place and offend them, then they would not go out and provoke the Immortals. This forest was their bottom line.

There was no black smoke spreading out from this forest, but it did not mean that there was no Berserker who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm in this place. The Elder of Berserker Fang Tribe was known throughout Eastern Wastelands to have attained great completion in that particular realm many years ago.

Almost at the moment the old man led nearly ten thousand people from All Entities Clan away and charged towards where Su Ming was, a large number of trees in the originally tranquil forest started swaying in the poison fog. Human faces emerged from the trees, and all of them had the exact same expression. Shock and perplexity. These were the expressions born from the confusion they felt as blood burned in their veins.

A large number of figures also appeared at that moment from the endless amount of swamps on the ground. They had the same expressions, felt the same perplexity. The kindling of their blood had caused all the members of Berserker Fang Tribe to be filled with shock in their hearts.

Within the depths of the forest was an empty space. There stood an old man dressed in a beast skin, and eight people were kneeling on the ground behind him. Waves of power that were not weaker than those of the Berserker Soul Realm were spreading out from all of them. In fact, if anyone took a closer look, they would find that there were even more of these presences coming from the forest.

However, the Qi from these presences was chaotic at that moment, as if they were showing just how unable to calm down were these people. Gazes filled excitement gathered faintly on the only old man who remained standing, as if waiting for his choice.

The expression of the old man in beast skins constantly changed and would not settle for a single emotion. He lifted his head and looked at the sky. His eyes would occasionally show excitement, and at other times, hesitation. He could feel his blood being set on fire in his veins and could even feel a faint call coming from the distance.

"I know that all of you want to go…" After a long while, the old man slowly spoke up. No one around him spoke, but their desire could be felt from their harsh breathing.

"I, too, can feel my blood kindling. This is the sign of the God of Berserkers appearing… but this burn… is still too weak." The old man in beast skins sighed lightly and shook his head.

He did not dare take the risk.

On the west and south of Eastern Wastelands were two big tribes in Eastern Wasteland that had been forced into hiding when the Immortals invaded the continent, even though both tribes had occupied an incredibly large area.

One of them was hidden in the depths of the ground and lived in karst caves. They spent their days nursing their grievances and anger, but they did not dare appear on the ground, because once they appeared, they would come face to face with the Immortals' siege.

The other tribe hid itself among an endless mountain range. It no longer possessed its past glory and only had a future filled with no hope.

At the same time the old man in the forest made his decision, roars filled with excitement reverberated and spread out in the depths to the south of Eastern Wastelands. As they rang beneath the ground, cracks that ran deep appeared in that region. Lights containing a multitude of colors shone from within, and those were from all sorts of statues of the God of Berserkers…

A thin old man swiftly shot out from behind those statues and stood in midair. He lifted his head and laughed at the sky, in a manner as if the grudge he and his tribe had harbored over the years had completely erupted from his body.

"The Great Tribe of Surging Clouds' hope has arrived… Our blood has been set on fire, and the God of Berserkers has been born! My fellow tribe members of Surging Clouds, how long are we going to hide…?" the thin old man roared at the ground, as if he had descended into madness.

"I, Xue Sha [1], Elder of Surging Clouds Tribe, had originally given into despair, but now… the light showing that we Berserkers will rise has appeared! Even if the entire tribe will be destroyed because of this, it will be still a fate better than what we suffer now! My fellow tribe members, come with me to pay respect to our fourth God of Berserkers!"

The thin old man moved his body, and an endless amount of roars instantly left the cracks on the ground. Long arcs swiftly flew out, with thin, emaciated people who looked like skeletons within them. Clearly, ever since they went into hiding in the depths of the ground, their lives had been incredibly bleak and miserable.

They already had nothing else to lose. If that was the case, then they would go and fight for their dignity!

However, perhaps it was because the living conditions of hiding in the mountains were slightly better than hiding underground, the big tribe to the west of Eastern Wastelands silently forced down their urge to go. Perhaps it was not because they were unwilling to leave and pay their respects to the legendary fourth God of Berserkers who had made their blood boil, but had more to do with the fact that they did not dare to give up everything for a legend.

Besides Eastern Wastelands, there were also those who found their blood boiling in South Morning. Long arcs flew into the air, either in crowds or by themselves. All of these people then charged towards Eastern Wastelands in the direction where their blood boiled.

This boiling of their blood was like a calling. This was the sign of the Berserkers' rise.

Among the numerous islands in South Morning were a group of people who lifted their heads at the same time at that moment. These were the people who identified themselves as Fated Kin!

They existed on many islands at the edges of South Morning. Some of them were scattered, and some of them were gathered together. They were all trying to search for each other… but due to South Morning's collapse and subsequent change, it was difficult for them to look for one another.

The people on the Fated Kin's islands were all worshiping the statue of their god at that moment, and during that instant, they started trembling. They could feel their blood being set on fire, but this burn was different from that of the Berserkers. It was direct, and their blood was boiling in a manner they could not describe.

At the instant Su Ming had turned into the Fated Kin's god, it was as if there was already a connection that could never be weakened or broken between Su Ming and this race.

It was also this connection that existed between them that made the Fated Kin feel their hearts quivering at that moment. Their blood being set on fire had caused their power… to increase by a large margin during that instant.

It was as if a river had been split into hundreds and thousands of small streams as it flowed downwards. A large amount of those split streams swiftly dried up, but there were also some that still had water running.

But if one day an endless amount of water suddenly appeared at the start of this river, then the endless branched out streams would also change because of it.

It was how the density of a big tree's branches and leaves was determined by sunlight, but also… by the water at the roots of the tree!

This was the power of the source

"Respected Senior Mo is calling us…"

The Fated Kin on the small islands that belonged to their race lifted their heads slowly. Excitement and desire appeared on their faces, and without a single bit of hesitation, they flew up together and left the island, charging towards Eastern Wastelands with all the members of their tribes.

At the same time, there were also numerous long arcs flying out from a large amount of places among the islands around South Morning. All of these long arcs were the Fated Kin that had been separated from their people.

Among them were those who had remained silent for many years, those who were somber and stayed unnoticeable to others, and there were also those who had become outstanding people who stood above all others among their factions of power.

However, all of them gave up everything without any hesitation and charged towards Eastern Wastelands to follow the direction where their burning blood and that faint connection existing within them was leading to, all so that they could search for… their Respected Senior Mo.

"I can no longer serve you. Please excuse me!"

On a small island, a strong and able-bodied man wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed towards the middle-aged man before him. There was resolve on his face, and without any attachment within him towards the place, he turned around and rushed towards the sky. He even tore off the silver armor he wore on his body.

And he left the people behind him, along with their silent gazes.

Booming sounds were continuously echoing from a small island, along with low growls.

"Nan Gong Hen [2], our master has treated you well over the years! You know that! Why are you betraying him?!"

"Our master has been kind to me, and I have been serving him with my life over the years… but Respected Senior Mo is calling me. I have to leave." As those booming sounds roared in the air, a middle-aged man turned into a long arc and charged into the sky.

There was another small island where a young man stood silently at the top of the mountain. Right behind him was a woman, and she was biting the bottom of her lips as she stared at the young man blankly.

"Must you go?" she asked softly after a long while.

"When I was young, he was the one who brought me and my entire race out of that place. At that time, I looked at his back and swore that I will be as strong as he was in my life… Now, I've grown up and have my own family, my own life… but I am a Fated Kin!" The young man closed his eyes, then opened them swiftly after a moment and took a step into the air...

He left the woman behind him, who looked as if she had lost all her strength as she watched him silently.

"Wait for me. I will return eventually!"

A similar scene appeared on a large number of islands, among the vast amount of scattered forces of power around South Morning. No matter what forms of power or what people, they were unable to stop the Fated Kin from responding to their Respected Senior Mo's call and leaving in search of him.

Translator's Notes:

1. Xue Sha: Mentioned previously as one of the five Berserkers in Eastern Wastelands who have obtained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm.

2. Nan Gong Hen: Befriended Su Ming on the way to Shaman City, then became the leader of the Shamans (which later became Fated Kin) when they were left stranded in the World of Nine Yin. He was also the one who asked Su Ming to become their god.
