# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 663

ANNOUNCEMENT:

Hello~ Sorry to break your flow of reading like this. So someone mentioned that Berserkers' Legend is missing, and it has been uploaded. If you want to read the Berserkers' Legend, please go back to chapter 661, and then you can come back here :3

The entire land of Berserkers was trembling. Northern Province and the Alliance of the Western Region were too far away. Even if their people felt their blood boil, they could not come to this place, but the feeling of their blood boiling for those in South Morning and Eastern Wastelands had caused the sky above these continents to be filled with endless long arcs.

Nonetheless, there were also quite a few people who forced down the calling that came from their blood burning and did not choose to answer the summons. They were perhaps people who did not believe in the legend, or perhaps they believed only in themselves, and some perhaps did not want to give up on everything.

Su Ming did not know any of these.

At that moment, he was lying on the grass. Above him were an innumerable amount of brilliant rainbows, the illusion of Dark Mountain, which was his Berserker Mark, and the ninth summit, which resided in his heart. These two mountains had swiftly overlapped with each other due to Su Ming's will.

At the instant they did so, the world rumbled. The tens of thousands of Immortals around immediately sensed a powerful wave of impact swiftly spreading outwards from Su Ming, forcing them backwards.

Even the golden-robed Di Tian in the sky also took a few steps backwards with a dark face.

Su Ming's Berserker Mark had manifested in the form of an illusion and fused together. Then, with the power of Bone Sacrifice in great completion driving his Berserker Mark together, his mark would gain physical form and gather together into a soul!

This soul would be able to connect with the world and absorb its power, going through an evolution similar to a metamorphosis. After that, due to the merging if one's soul, will, and blood, the person would be able to create his or her own statue of the God of Berserkers.

Once the statue appeared, then it would begin forming itself in the person's image, resulting in the statue's face becoming exactly as that of its owner. Then it would fuse into the body, and the Berserker will have successfully reached the Berserker Soul Realm.

It might look simple, but if there was even the slightest mistake during the entire process, the person would fail.

Su Ming had failed in reaching the Berserker Soul Realm previously at the very first step. He had tried to fuse all his power of a Berserker into his soul, but his soul had been incomplete. Yet now, once the purplish black stone fused into his body, Su Ming had a strong feeling that his soul had become complete.

"Dark Mountain is my soul… and ninth summit is my spirit," Su Ming whispered softly. At the instant these words left his mouth, Dark Mountain and ninth summit started showing signs of fusing together as they overlapped in the sky.

More rainbows appeared above. The distortions behind them twisted even more violently, as if there was something trembling inside them excitedly, trying to break through and descend into the world.

Right at that moment, Su Ming could once again feel the seal in his memories showing signs of breaking, just like it had done when he tried to reach Berserker Soul Realm the first time.

"Berserker Soul Realm… Today, I will reach… Berserker Soul Realm!" Su Ming lifted his head and let out a low roar. He rose up slowly from the ground. He was shivering, but there was a burning flame of determination in his eyes.

He glared at the golden-robed Di Tian, and the killing intent in his eyes was so strong that even the clone felt shocked when he saw it. This was not any ordinary killing intent, neither was it any normal desire for blood burning in his gaze. It was a true murderous aura, and it shocked the golden-robed Di Tian because of the purple-robed clone's death just moments ago.

Su Ming swiftly lifted his right hand and swung it against the sky.

"Destiny is my sky!"

Once Su Ming swung his arm, an infant's illusion appeared beyond the overlapping ninth summit and Dark Mountain. The illusion was changing rapidly into that of a young man with purple hair. As the infant and mountains transformed, they turned into a strange sight that almost made all those watching suffocate.

More rainbows appeared!

The distortions in the sky were so great that they looked as if they were about to make the entire sky collapse!

The tens of thousands of cultivators around the area were still in a rather good shape, but the golden-robed Di Tian and Ji An's expressions immediately changed drastically at the moment they saw the purple-haired young man's face. There were even expressions of terror and shock that could not be hidden on their faces.

"Damn it! He has actually managed to bring out a magical illusion!" As Ji An's expression changed, he moved swiftly backwards, as if the illusion of the purple-haired young man was an undefinable terror to him.

Di Tian's face turned pale and he staggered, but after a moment, he started laughing maniacally.

"Destiny's… magical illusion… so what if it is him?!"

"My soul is in the world…" Su Ming closed his eyes and whispered softly. Once these words tumbled out of his mouth, the world immediately started roaring, and Dark Mountain, ninth summit, as well as Destiny's illusion instantly overlapped.

As the three fused together, Su Ming started trembling, but a brilliant light shone through the fatigue in his eyes.

"Since all of you are afraid of the illusion with purple hair… then I will make my statue around this image and turn it into this appearance…

"Destiny will be the image, Dark Mountain will be the soul, and ninth summit will be the spirit. Fuse!" With a low growl, the purple-haired young man immediately closed his eyes in the sky, becoming the center of the three illusions.

The ninth summit was on his right, and Dark Mountain was on his left. As they overlapped, a deafening rumble rang into the air, and the three illusions fused completely together!

A bang rang out in Su Ming's mind. The seal in his head was swiftly breaking at that moment, but it did not shatter completely. It was as if there was a wave of power coming from another dimension to prevent it from fully falling apart.

A cold sneer appeared at the corners of Su Ming's lips. At the instant his soul became perfect and the three fused together, an illusion of a purple-haired young man appeared before the crowd's eyes.

This young man had his eyes closed. His long hair danced in the air as he stayed still, but there was an endless amount of power from the world rushing madly from all directions toward him. Due to it, this soul swiftly transformed and rapidly went through the process of gaining physical form.

As the soul absorbed the power of the world as if it was devouring it, a great amount of pressure swiftly descended on the place as the sky behind the endless amount of rainbows distorted.

Once it came down, the tens of thousands of Immortals immediately started shivering. Some of the ones who had injuries on their bodies coughed up blood and were forced to kneel down as they shivered. They felt as if they did not kneel, then their bodies would crumble.

Once the first Immortal knelt down, the others immediately followed suit, and a large number of them knelt down. Even the golden-robed Di Tian and Ji An in the sky could feel that wave of pressure, and their expressions changed.

"He's just trying to reach Berserker Soul Realm! How could such pressure and such a shocking change in the world appear?!"

"Even if he gathered the Berserkers' kismet on himself, such pressure wouldn't appear when he's just trying to reach the Berserker Soul Realm. Only if he was trying to reach the next realm after the Berserker Soul Realm would it be possible."

The golden-robed Di Tian's heart trembled. He whipped his head to look at Su Ming, and as he stared at him, his pupils suddenly shrank.

Ji An, who had moved back a little and also had his gaze gathered on Su Ming, found his breathing gradually quickening. He instinctively tightened his grip around the fan. He, too, had discovered some clues.

"Solidify, statue of the God of Berserkers!" At that moment, Su Ming lifted his head swiftly and let out a roar towards his soul in the sky. As he roared, the soul's eyes flew open.

At the instant it did so, the purple-haired figure turned his head around and looked towards the golden-robed Di Tian.

Di Tian's pupils shrank and he instinctively took a few steps backwards. He might have hidden away his inner thoughts, but his retreat exposed his terror to the world.

Half of the rainbows in the sky collapsed when Su Ming roared, turning into spots of crystalline light that charged towards his soul. In the span of a breath, they fused into the purple-haired soul, and at that instant, Su Ming's soul shattered with a bang.

This collapse was not failure, but a sign that he had… solidified his statue of the God of Berserkers!

As the purple-haired soul crumbled, the glistening crystalline light came towards it and fused together with it to form a statue in midair.

This was Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers. However, right at the instant the crowd in the area saw the statue appear, an uproar rose up that could not be suppressed and reverberated in the air.

That noise came from the tens of thousands of people on the ground. Even the golden-robed Di Tian and Ji An were stunned when they saw it, but right after that brief moment of surprise, their expressions changed once again, and this time, shock was the dominant expression on their faces.

Because… Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers was incomplete. It only had one hand!

It was a right hand.

The whole limb was shining with crystalline light, just like a piece of jade. Those brilliant rays of light surrounded it, making it seem as if it had gathered the magnificent colors of the world. That right hand was floating in midair at that moment, and it was exuding a powerful presence that belonged to those in the Berserker Soul Realm.

As for Su Ming, the power he had lost appeared with a bang right at that moment, and as it rushed madly into his body, banging sounds rang out within him. He floated up, and his hair began moving without any wind. The arm that belonged to his statue of the God of Berserkers charged towards his right hand at that moment and fused into him in the span of a breath.

Right then, the true presence of those in the Berserker Soul Realm erupted from Su Ming's body with a bang!

At that moment, he had finally broken through the Bone Sacrifice Realm and stepped into the Berserker Soul Realm. He might only in its initial stage, but the difference between Berserker Soul Realm and Bone Sacrifice Realm was like heaven and earth—they were completely different.

The power of the world fused into Su Ming's body in a mad rush, causing the fatigue in Su Ming's eyes to disappear, and it was replaced by an endless amount of brilliant light. Due to that light, it seemed as if there were stars in his eyes, and no one could look straight into them for a time.

The rainbows shone, and the distortions in the sky spread out once again. This time, they did not just cover Eastern Wastelands alone but most of the land of Berserkers. Loud booming sounds came from above those distortions, and the pressure descending from there became even stronger.

"His statue only has one arm. This is… Does… Does this mean that this person still hasn't completed his path to reach Berserker Soul Realm?!"

"The anomaly in the sky is still around, and not only has it not disappeared, it's growing stronger!"

"Just what is going on..?"

In the midst of those uproars, suddenly, a loud bang that signaled the sky shattering came from the distortions in the sky. It was so loud that everyone's hearts started roaring.

The thing that descended was an incomparably huge right hand, and the sound came from the shock it had created as it stretched down from the shattered sky!

Su Ming moved and came to stand on the gigantic palm that had stretched down from the sky. As he stood up above, he lowered his head and looked down towards Di Tian.

"Di Tian, we can continue fighting now."

Once Su Ming said that, the pressure that prevented Di Tian from getting closer instantly vanished.
