# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 664

Su Ming could be said to be the center of all attention at that moment. The arm that had stretched out from the distortions in the sky was thousands of feet long. The great presence it exuded created an oppressive feeling in everyone's hearts while at the same time bringing shock.

Su Ming stood on the palm of that arm. His long hair floated with the wind and his eyes were like stars. Rainbows filled the area behind him, and the pure presence of the Berserker Soul Realm was spreading out from his body.

At that moment, he had a strangely enchanting air about him, one that was dazzling to the eyes.

His aloofness fused with the strange, enchanting presence around him as if it was trying to draw a picture scroll that was to be handed down the ages. If any artist could draw this scene, then it would surely be a picture that would shock the entire world.

However, there were no palm lines on the hand…

The tens of thousands of Immortals were staring at Su Ming with complicated feelings as well as shock on their faces. They could not hide it. Su Ming's existence, his identity as a Berserker, the powerful ripples of power, and the anomaly in the world had all formed a picture of a Berserker who was rising to the top.

"Su Ming…" The golden-robed Di Tian stared at Su Ming before he slowly spoke. This was the first time he said Su Ming's name right before the crowd in the battlefield.

At the instant the golden-robed Di Tian said that name, it was bound to be spread through the land of Immortals and Eastern Wastelands no matter the outcome of the battle.

This name would end up being remembered by all, and it would never be wiped away from their memories.

It was especially so since there was an air of mystery to Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers. It was enough for everyone's hearts to start shaking endlessly while they filled with shock, because even though he had brought up such a great and vast presence, he had only managed to form an arm.

If the anomaly in the sky had disappeared, it could have been explained that Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers only had a right arm, but the anomaly was still around. The rainbows had not disappeared but had instead increased. This… could only mean one thing.

Su Ming's path to enter Berserker Soul Realm still had yet to end!

His path to reach Berserker Soul Realm… had just begun!

Su Ming stood on his statue's right arm, looking down on the world, and issued a challenge towards Di Tian for the first time, from such a height. At that moment, the key to the battle seemed to no longer be about the ownership towards Eastern Wastelands Tower… but about Su Ming's rise and Di Tian's fall!

Perhaps a powerful warrior had to step on another's corpse to rise, only then would he be able to strike a blow towards the hearts of all those who saw him. This blow would be like a brand, and it would be etched deeply within them!

The tens of thousands of people on the scene found their breathing quickening. There was no excitement in their eyes, neither was there any agitation. There were only complicated feelings born from seeing a powerful warrior from another race. Aside from that, there was also silent respect.

Almost at the same time Su Ming broke through the great completion stage in the Bone Sacrifice Realm and stepped into the initial stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, besides making all the people's heart tremble in shock, he had also stirred up an even more intense change within the burning blood flowing through all the Berserkers' veins.

If the kindling of the Berserkers' blood just moments ago was to be compared to boiling, then as Su Ming's power reached Berserker Soul Realm, then the term 'boiling' could no longer be used to describe the current state the Berserkers' blood was in. This was an eruption, and it made them feel as if all the blood in their bodies was no longer in their control. It was as if it wanted to leave their bodies and roar, for it was set on fire.

In a spot in the sky far away from where Su Ming was, near ten thousand people with the old man in the lead from All Entities Clan could not help but let out shocking roars. The excitement contained within those roars was difficult to describe with words, but these excited cries had been absent for a long, long time from the land of Berserkers.

The old man who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm from All Entities Clan was trembling at that moment. As he moved forward, he suddenly started laughing loudly. There was an ancient quality to his laughter, along with excitement that came straight from the depths of his soul.

Those peals of laughter were accompanied by tears and elation. He knew that he had not chosen wrong. He also knew that there was no mistake in the Berserkers' legend.

He knew that the signs of the fourth God of Berserkers' birth had truly appeared. These signs were erupting madly within him, and before long, they would completely reveal themselves.

"The Berserkers' future is right before us, in the direction where our blood is burning! All Berserkers will remember this day! This will be the day one when we Berserkers reached our most glorious moment in all of history!

"The time… for the Immortals to be completely chased out of our land is not far away now!

"My fellow tribe members, bring out your fastest speed, reveal your brightest presences! We will… slice through the sky and pay our respects to the God of Berserkers!" As the old man spoke, all the disciples from All Entities Clan behind him let out similar roars in their excitement.

"We will slice through the sky and pay our respects to the God of Berserkers!"

These roars shook the sky and earth, causing the sky to look as if it was swaying. The originally desolate ground also started showing signs of green, as if grass had grown on the land just to sway its body and show its excitement.

There were also ten thousand long arcs charging through the sky from another direction in Eastern Wastelands. These people might also be Berserkers, but most of them were thin, almost to the point of being emaciated. However, the fire burning in their eyes was not a single bit weaker than in those from All Entities Clan. They did not say a single word, but the excitement and the eruption within their blood was enough to make all those on the ground who saw them in the sky to feel their hearts trembling.

This group of people were like a pack of crazed wolves, but they were not out to hunt for prey. They were instead going to pay respects to their king!

The person in the lead was a thin old man whose eyes were bloodshot. The fire and eruptions in his blood had stimulated his cultivation base so much that it had grown once again, and it made him feel that he had absolutely not made the wrong choice.

"Hurry! Hurry up! Surging Clouds Tribe will be the first to appear before the fourth God of Berserkers. We will make the first Berserkers the fourth God of Berserkers sees to be the children of Surging Clouds Tribe!"

The ten thousand people let out low roars at the same time, and their voices were enough to shake even the galaxy, causing the ground to tremble, and their speed… to be even faster!

Besides them, there were also an endless amount of scattered groups of figures charging through the sky above Eastern Wastelands. These people were all charging towards the distance based on the direction their burning blood led them.

They could clearly feel the burst in their blood just now. That eruption that occurred as their blood was on fire not only made their power increase slightly, but also made the call within their hearts grow stronger, up to a point where it was enough to make them go insane.

The question of the Berserkers' hope, future, and whether their world still belonged to them was answered right at that moment!

The Fated Kin had also found an endless amount of potential erupting within them, causing them to charge forward without care for anything towards their Respected Senior Mo.

The entire Eastern Wastelands were shaking because of them. The members from an endless amount of small tribes had also risen into the air to fly madly towards the place where they were summoned by their blood in the midst of their confusion as their blood was set on fire.

The urge the Berserkers hidden within the mountain range had managed to suppress after much difficulty stirred up once again, and this time, it was much more intense than before, but after some time, they managed to calm it down once again. However, thousands of people in the prime of their youth, filled with determination and agitation, swiftly flew out of the mountain ranges. They were the small handful of people in the tribe who had chosen to take this path. They were different from the older generation. They did not want to hide, and did not want to live in the shadows of the Immortals. They… wanted to fight for their future.

This is why they chose to fly out on their own and charge towards where Su Ming was according to the direction where their blood led them.

Their tribe did not stop them, only watching them silently.

When the people within the tribe where Chi Lei Tian was found their blood erupting once again, Chi Lei Tian gritted his teeth and swung his arm. About ten thousand people from his tribe flew up altogether, and in the midst of their excitement, they charged into the air.

"It doesn't matter whether I live or die because of this! What harm would it do to me if I, Chi Lei Tian, believed in the legend this once?! My fellow sect members, come with me to see our God of Berserkers!"

The world rumbled, but Berserker Fang Tribe still did not have much change. They continued to remain hidden in the forest, but on the empty spot within the depths of the forest, there were no longer eight people kneeling behind the old man in beast skins—there were nearly thirty of them They were kneeling silently on the ground with obstinate looks on their faces as they clearly showed their thoughts.

As an endless amount of long arcs charged through the sky in Eastern Wastelands to reach the place where Su Ming was, the golden-robed Di Tian suddenly started laughing loudly. As he laughed, his expression was no longer sullen, but slowly changed to that of calmness as he took a step towards Su Ming.

"You… are a person who is about to die. What right do you have to speak that way to me?"

The Curse's black smoke was surrounding the golden-robed Di Tian's body. But when a golden light shone on him, a dignified expression appeared on his face, and he took a step forward, an explosive presence erupted from within him. Once the golden light surrounded his entire body, that presence became stronger.

The superiority of the three Sovereigns and five Emperors suddenly started radiating off him, one that was familiar to all the tens of thousands of Immortals on the ground.

"That right… comes from me killing one of your clones many years ago outside the Shamans' sacred mountain in South Morning. And just moments ago, I destroyed another one of your clones here," Su Ming said, his words calm.

When Di Tian moved towards him, he, too, took a step forward. There might still be a thousand feet between them, but once they took those steps forward at the same time, an indescribable wave of impact erupted from their bodies at the same time. Those waves crashed into each other with a bang, fighting to suppress the other.

From the distance, this scene looked like an illusion. Right before everyone's eyes, as Di Tian was surrounded by a golden light and it looked like half of the world had been dyed in gold, the illusion of a golden dragon with five claws manifested. It roared at Su Ming, then flew out with the golden light.

As for Su Ming, when he swung his arm, black smoke that had surged into the sky immediately spread out from the right arm of his statue of the God of Berserkers under his feet. That black smoke was like the Curse. As it spread in all directions, the statue's right hand swiftly moved upwards once Su Ming left its palm and furled its fingers into a fist. With a savage air, it hurled itself towards the golden dragon.

Both fist and dragon crashed into each other in an instant. A loud bang that surged into the sky rang out and reverberated in all directions. During that instant, Su Ming took another step forward.

"If I could destroy two of your clones…" Su Ming's voice rang in the air. At the same time he said these words, the step he took caused the air to roar, and Di Tian could feel the power of the world from all around the area charging towards him once Su Ming's foot landed. It was as if Su Ming already had complete control over the world.

This was the strength of Berserker Soul Realm - the ability to control the power of the world.
