# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 665

"I could have the entire world cursing your clones until they all died…" Su Ming said and immediately took another step forward. The world rumbled. The golden light on Di Tian's body also changed swiftly, as if it had sensed the pressure from all the area and the endless power of the world surging towards it.

Once Su Ming took two more steps, his Qi rose once again, and at that moment, his body seemed to have grown much bigger in everyone's eyes. This was just a figment of their imagination, but this illusion remained incredibly clear in all their hearts.

"I have the Berserkers' kismet on me!" Su Ming took another step forward, and with a roar, his Qi grew to the point it could shake the universe.

The golden-robed Di Tian let out a cold harrumph. He had a strong hunch that he absolutely could not let Su Ming's Qi continue growing, or else, he would attract even more power from the world to gather in this place.

Just as he was about to take action, Su Ming also took another step forward.

"I have the power to reach Berserker Soul Realm!

"I have the anomaly's might still in the sky… Di Tian, how could you not die?! What right do you have to fight against me?!"

The final question was practically yelled out with an interrogative tone. Once those words left Su Ming's mouth, they stirred up an endless string of echoes that made it seem as if the sky, the earth, and the entire world of Berserkers were roaring at that instant, demanding to know the reason why Di Tian should not die!

Those roars shook the sky and reverberated in the air, turning the faces of Immortals pale and pushing them back. Ji An's face turned dark then, but he still remained slightly hesitant.

The golden-robed Di Tian's pupils shrank. Almost at the instant Su Ming said those words, he took a step forward and lifted his right hand to point swiftly towards Su Ming.

"Since you used your Berserker Soul to gather the power of the world, then I will first take away the spirit of your Berserker Soul!" As Di Tian spoke, he pointed at Su Ming.

At that instant, booming sounds immediately rang out from the air before him. An illusion wearing a crown manifested at that spot, and as golden light shone on him, he charged towards Su Ming. There was a destructive power that could rip apart the world contained within that golden light, and as it shone, the entire world looked as if it had lost all other colors except gold.

"There was once only black and white in my existing eyes. Black was your soul, and white was your spirit." As Di Tian spoke, black and white immediately colored Su Ming's body as he was enveloped by the golden light, just like what Di Tian had said. Black was his soul, and white was his spirit.

"Gold is the light which I use to purify the world. With this light, I will purify your black soul and wipe away your white spirit. I will take away both your soul and spirit from your body!" Di Tian's left hand instantly formed ninety-nine seals, and once he was done, he pushed his left hand on his right.

At that moment, the black and white shades on Su Ming's body began distorting, showing faint signs of turning into gold, or perhaps more accurately, they were showing signs of being replaced by gold.

With a calm expression on his face, Su Ming slowly lifted his left hand under that golden light, and without bothering about the black and white shades that appeared on his body, he lifted the first finger on his left hand.

"Wind," he said languidly. At the instant this word was voiced, a strange runic symbol immediately started flashing on the left index finger, and in a moment, it had already flashed nine consecutive times.

A gigantic runic symbol appeared around Su Ming's body, looking as if it overlapped with him. That runic symbol also shone nine times in succession.

After that, there was a loud moaning sound, which was the sound of the wind as it charged forward. A violent gust appeared out of nowhere around Su Ming. It started spinning with loud booming sounds, turning into a whirlwind that connected the sky and earth.

In an instant, there was no longer just one whirlwind, but nine of them. They surrounded Su Ming before sweeping swiftly outwards. They were also a part of the power in the world, and once Su Ming reached Berserker Soul Realm, his soul could connect with the world so that he could use it. As long as Su Ming's body could withstand it, then he could endlessly gather up the boundless energy in the world.

The body of a normal powerful Berserker in the Berserker Soul Realm would definitely be unable to compare to Su Ming's, even if they had already attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm. Su Ming's body was unprecedented for all those in the Bone Sacrifice Realm and had never once appeared over the tens of thousands of years in the Berserkers' history. His body was the powerful existence that only appeared after all his bones, flesh, and blood had been turned into those of a true Berserker.

Once a body like this reached Berserker Soul Realm, what would be born would be a terrifying existence that could not be conceived with any form of imagination. Su Ming… was that existence.

Since he was just in the initial stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, his speed as he gathered the power of the world was still not very quick. However, it still managed to make the wind runic symbol he had come to understand from Hidden Dragon Sect to erupt forth with incredible power.

Almost at the instant it appeared, the eyes of those from Hidden Dragon Sect went wide open as they stood on the ground with the other Immortals. They stared above in disbelief, because they had just seen the wind runic symbol that belonged to their sect.

Yet before they could register its appearance in this place, Su Ming's aloof voice once again caused all the Immortals in Hidden Dragon Sect to tremble.

"Rain," he said flatly. At the instant he said this word, Hidden Dragon Sect's rain runic symbol shone on his left middle finger. This symbol swiftly grew in size and overlapped with the wind runic symbol before they fused together in front of Su Ming.

All of this caused the sky to roar. A violent storm swiftly formed and descended on the land. The rain poured down violently and stirred up an abnormal sight that caused all those who saw to be in shock.

Rain, whirlwind, and the world roared to fight against the golden light, as if they wanted to tear apart that golden light around them.

Hidden Dragon Sect's Jingnan started breathing rapidly. No matter how powerful Su Ming had been, once he recognized his identity, he had not been too surprised. His heart might have been trembling, but he maintained calm. However… when the wind and rain runic symbols appeared, his expression changed drastically. This was Hidden Dragon Sect's Art, but even among those within Hidden Dragon Sect, there were only a handful of them who could master these two runic symbols.

Then, right at that moment, a scene that made Jingnan's eyes go wide as his heart filled with so much shock that he almost cried out in surprise swiftly took shape.

"Thunder!"

Su Ming lifted his head and let out a low roar. Before his voice disappeared, it turned into a roaring thunder that reverberated throughout the world, causing the rain and whirlwinds to look as if they were aided by the might of heaven itself as they swiftly swept outwards.

"This is impossible… He… He actually mastered the wind, rain, and thunder runic symbols? This… This is…" Jingnan swiftly looked towards Chenchong.

Chenchong's face had already turned pale at that moment. He was looking at Su Ming blankly in the sky as his body overlapped with the three ancient runic symbols. Misery appeared on his face. He had mastered the previous two runic symbols, and it was precisely because of this that he had become Hidden Dragon Sect's prodigy. However, he had only managed to master half of the third runic symbol, which was the thunder one. He still could not fuse with it completely and achieve mastery over it.

Yet now, that thunder runic symbol had appeared distinctly on Su Ming's hand, and it was causing thunder to roar louder in the universe with each passing moment.

"Lightning!"

Su Ming's final word completely shattered the thought of him being lucky in the depths of Jingnan's heart. It also utterly destroyed Chenchong's pride. A broken smile appeared on his lips. Prodigy? Head disciple of his sect? Compared to Su Ming, he was nothing…

Su Ming's voice reverberated in the air. After a loud bang, a bolt of lightning tore through the sky, making it seem as if it had ripped apart space. It did this with a loud bang, and as the light from the lightning, the madness from the storm, the howls from the whirlwind, and the roars from the thunder overlapped together beside Su Ming, similarly to those four runic symbols, the golden light that had covered the entire world was immediately torn apart. Once it was shredded into pieces, it completely dissipated.

Di Tian's body shuddered, but he still forced his body to not move back even after his Art turned on him after it was destroyed. As for Su Ming, once the wind, rain, thunder, and lightning runic symbols overlapped and destroyed that golden light, his face turned slightly pale, but there was clarity in his eyes.

"Since you can't snatch my soul away, then it's my turn to attack."

While speaking, Su Ming took a step forward and lifted his left hand swiftly, swinging it at Di Tian. Immediately, the four overlapping runic symbols charged forward with loud booming sounds.

Di Tian was instantly surrounded by pouring rain, shredding whirlwinds, roaring thunder, and destructive lightning.

At the same time, when Su Ming took that one step forward, he appeared right above Di Tian and lowered his head. As he did so, he lifted his right hand and pushed down swiftly.

With it, as thunder roared in the world. The right hand from Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers appeared and stretched out all five of its fingers wide to press down on Di Tian.

In the process of that palm charging towards Di Tian, the Immortals in the area immediately saw Dark Mountain and ninth summit's illusions appear around the statue's right hand. Right in-between the two mountains was that murderous purple-haired young man. These three things were everything that formed the right hand of Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers.

The mountains were falling on Di Tian, and the Berserker Soul was pressing in. All of these things were the strongest power Su Ming could muster in the initial stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. The power of the world, which he had gathered from the area, caused the world to lose its color and the universe to change. It made Di Tian's face turn incredibly solemn during that instant, and his pupils also shrank once more.

"Soar to the White Sky!" A low growl swiftly tumbled out of Di Tian's lips as he was surrounded by the whirlwind, rain, lightning, and thunder and the mountains that were Su Ming's Berserker Soul came crashing onto him.

Once he spoke, the entire world immediately fell silent.

The world turned black, and white flames appeared around Di Tian. At the instant that happened, a power that could destroy the world spread out, and those flames caused most of those who saw them to feel their hearts and minds instantly turning blank.

"I will offer up the power of this clone, and even at the price of this body being destroyed, I will execute the true form of Soar to the White Sky. Su Ming… I'd like to see how you manage to not die!" The golden-robed Di Tian looked as if he had gone mad when he activated that Art while white flames spread out from his body.

During that instant, Su Ming closed his eyes with a calm face. His Berserker Soul spread out, and his will fused together with the world.

"Middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm… Activate!"
