# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 666

The world roared. The rainbows filled even more of the sky, causing the seven colors to be even more abundant, up to the point they were endless. The distortions in the sky started showing even more signs of tearing, as if that one sentence from Su Ming had caused the universe to tremble.

With the power in the initial stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, Su Ming could not win against the golden-robed Di Tian, but his path towards the Berserker Soul Realm had just started. If he could not win against Di Tian in the initial stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, then he would rush to the middle stage.

Almost at the instant the changes in the sky became even more intense, a great wave of power immediately spread out and swept outwards from Su Ming's body. In the blink of an eye it looked as if it had filled up the entire world, causing everything in it to look as if they had slowed to the point of becoming still.

The white sun from that golden-robed Di Tian rose into the sky, continuing to grow bigger. It was covered by a great mass of power, and while it did not stop, it still slowed down. That vast mass of power was the power of the world. It was also the law of the world of Berserkers that looked as if it was using all of the world's kismet and everything else to suppress this place.

Su Ming was in midair, and he still had yet to open his eyes. He was not intentionally increasing his level of cultivation. Instead, when he had broken through Bone Sacrifice Realm and reached the initial stage in the Berserker Soul Realm earlier, he had a feeling, and that was… when his statue of the God of Berserkers was eventually completed, he would arrive at a state which he had never reached before.

This feeling was incredibly strong. When he was fighting against Di Tian, he had even felt… that he could become stronger.

"My statue is still incomplete… It only has one right arm, it still lacks…" Su Ming mumbled, and his eyes flew open. Immediately, the light of burning flames appeared in his eyes. That light was crimson red, and it was the blood moon!

The burning blood moon was reminiscent to the burning of blood, resulting in Su Ming looking even more bizarre in midair. He lifted his left hand and formed half a circle above his head. His right hand rose up at the same time and touched his left hand to form a complete circle.

There was red light shining within the circle, and for all those who could see it, it was as if Su Ming's arms had turned into a blood-red full moon. Moonlight shone in all directions, causing the entire land to turn instantly red.

"The moon during my youth… appeared red like blood due to fire…" Su Ming's voice reverberated in the world, and despite him moving his arms away from each other, the blood moon he had formed did not disappear. Instead, it looked as if it had gained physical form and charged into the sky. Once it flew up, it absorbed all the endless power from the world, making it all surge madly towards it.

At this moment, the blood moon looked like a real moon, and its existence above Su Ming exuded a presence that caused the hearts of all those who saw it to tremble in shock.

When Ji An saw this in the distance, there was no longer any hesitation on his face. Instead, his expression turned into that of dead silence. He looked at the blood moon quietly, then at Su Ming, and finally at the golden-robed Di Tian who was suppressed by the power of the entire world of Berserkers. Even if Di Tian had executed that extremely powerful Soar to the White Sky, he was still suppressed by the power of the world.

All the people in the world had become outsiders. Only Su Ming remained as a matchless existence in the place, becoming the sole focus of everyone's eyes in the area.

The appearance of the blood moon had caused loud rumbling sounds to come from the distorting and shredding sky. Those sounds were each louder than the last, eventually reaching a volume that was deafening to the ears, making it sound as if the entire world was howling.

"There was once a person who said something to me as we stood in the midst of snow… She said, 'If we continue walking in this snow, can we walk until our hair turns white..?'

"Many years later, I still remember that scene, which seemed so real, but at the same time was like an illusion. But it doesn't matter whether it is real or fake, the snow on that day… has now turned into white hair in my memories," Su Ming mumbled softly. Grief tinted with nostalgia appeared in his eyes. The images of two people moving through the snow gradually appeared before his vision, and as they continued walking, their figures were slowly concealed by the snow before his eyes.

It caused everything that Su Ming saw to turn into endless snow that covered the sky, the earth, and all of his memories, causing him to be unable to find the two figures. All he could remember was the snow and the locks of hair that had seemed to turn white.

A sigh came from Su Ming's grieving heart, turning into waves of ripples as it echoed. At some point in time, his hair gradually turned white, and that shade of white was due to snow.

Snowflakes quietly appeared in the distorting sky and floated down to the ground. They fell on Su Ming's body and his hair, making it look... as if his hair had truly turned white.

The snow slowly floated down without any wind. It covered the entire area around Su Ming and concealed the gazes of the tens of thousands of Immortals. Slowly, the snow… fell even harder in the vast world.

The blood moon was in the sky, and snow was falling down to the ground. As that scene took form and fused together with Su Ming as he stood in the snow, it turned into an incredibly beautiful picture. However, there was a forlorn incompleteness within this beauty.

A depressing sensation rose within the hearts of all those who saw this, causing the entire area to fall silent. Only the people's focused gazes remained unchanged.

"The blood moon is my soul, and the memories in the snow are my spirit…

"The blood moon represents my persistence during my youth. The nostalgia toward the snow is my reluctance to part with my past… Today, Dark Mountain, ninth summit, and Destiny have become the first soul of my Berserker Soul and turned into the right arm for my statue of the God of Berserkers.

"Now I will use the blood moon and my memories in the snow to form… the left arm for my statue!"

Su Ming lifted his head. At the instant he looked towards the sky, the roars from the distortions turned more shocking, as if there was some shocking changes that were unfolding madly within the cracks.

The blood moon and snow fused swiftly above Su Ming during that instant, and as they did so, the power of the world merged into one with a bang.

The snow and blood moon were about to fuse perfectly together. The roars from the distorting sky became even stronger, as if the left arm of Su Ming's statue was about to appear, just as he had said.

A glint suddenly appeared in Su Ming's eyes.

"The right arm of my statue contains Dark Mountain and ninth summit, allowing it to obtain the power of mountains, which can cause the world to crumble… It also possesses Destiny's power, allowing it to turn back time… This reversal of time is the skill contained within the right arm of my statue, and the mountains are the spells contained within it as well. This is what is known as Art!

"It is the same for my statue's left arm… The blood moon and floating snow allows my statue's left arm to contain bloodlust and the power to shred. This is its ability, but now, it lacks… spirit.

"I will fuse my Origin Vessel, the Origin Lightning, into the blood moon and floating snow, turning them into… the divine ability for my statue's left arm!"

Su Ming's eyes sparkled, and lightning sparks swiftly appeared within his body. This lightning was not formed by the wind, rain, thunder, and lightning runic symbols but born straight from his body.

When he finished speaking, a nine-holed cauldron-shaped item surrounded by lightning flew out swiftly from his mouth and charged into the sky. As it closed in on the blood moon and floating snow, an infinite amount of lightning erupted explosively.

As those bolts of lightning roared, all nine holes within the cauldron were filled in an instant, turning into piercing light that resulted in no one being able to see, but a deep wave of shock still burst forth from their minds.

'Divine Will's Lightning!' Ji An's eyes went wide, and he stared fixedly at the nine-holed cauldron. His breathing instantly quickened.

At the same time, some of the tens of thousands of Immortals on the ground immediately recognized this lightning's name, and an uproar rose among them in the midst of their shock.

"This is Divine Will's Lightning!"

"It is said that this is the third type of Lightning Heavenly Judgment. It barely exists in the world, and there are few who can control it!

"This Su Ming… not only is he powerful, he can also control Divine Will's Lightning. No wonder he could draw Hidden Dragon Sect's lightning runic symbol."

Blinding bolts of lightning erupted from Su Ming's Origin Vessel in the sky, and during that instant, it fused with the blood moon and the floating snow. Once that happened, an arm that was surrounded by an endless amount of lightning sparks and filled with a bloodthirsty, destructive air swiftly appeared before everyone's eyes.

At the instant it came to be, it was as if some established law had been changed within the world of Berserkers. An endless amount of lightning bolts gathered toward this place from all directions: the whole Eastern Wastelands, all the other continents, and the entire world of Berserkers.

Those bolts of lightning replaced the entire sky, causing it to turn into a gigantic pool of lightning, and right in the center of it was the statue's left arm, which had been formed once all the elements fused together!

The left arm controlled the lightning in the world, and an illusory blood moon also appeared among them. That moon was the real moon in the world of Berserkers, but during that instant it… shattered.

It was as if the moon did not dare show its face before the left arm of Su Ming's statue. When it shattered and gradually dissipated, above the Eastern Wastelands, South Morning, Alliance of the Western Region, Northern Province, and the endless Dead Sea…

It started snowing!

Snow floated down in the wind and covered the entire sky and earth in the world of Berserkers, causing the it to instantly turn into a world of snow.

What other anomaly in the world could be more shocking than the sight of the entire world of Berserkers snowing because of Su Ming? What other anomaly in the world could be more unbelievable than the sight of the Berserkers' sky being covered by lightning..?

The world roared. At the instant the left arm of Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers appeared and charged towards him to fuse with his left arm, the Immortals saw the distorting sky among the snow and lightning collapsing with a bang. A gigantic statue's left arm stretched out from the sky with a presence that could make all the people's hearts crumble, bringing with it lightning, bloodlust, and a chill that could tear apart everything!

Su Ming's divine ability was contained in this left arm, and his Art was in the right arm. These two gigantic statues' arms came into contact with each other in the sky and each formed a seal.

Su Ming stood on the two fingers that were lifted up on the statue's left hand once it finished forming the seal. His long hair floated in the air, and his face alternated between being brilliantly illuminated and sinking into darkness as the bolts of lightning flashed around him. By that time, the brilliant light and calmness within his eyes had turned into...

A picture of eternal peerlessness.
