# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 667

When the statue's left arm appeared, all of Su Ming's power burst out from his body with a bang. This explosion was out of his control, and it continued like water gushing out of a well, causing loud booming sounds to travel out of his body while also making his cultivation base instantly reach the peak of the initial stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. At that moment, the explosions within his cultivation base paused for a moment.

However, even if it did stop, it only stopped for an instant before a loud bang rang into the air, and the explosions broke through the initial stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, causing Su Ming to lift his head and let out a long roar. As he cried out… he became a powerful Berserker in the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm!

Those who had reached this stage could gather even more power from the world at a faster rate. In fact, they could also touch upon the laws of the world slightly, allowing them to use the laws within the world of Berserkers.

If it had been any other Berserker in the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, then perhaps they would not be unmatched, but it was completely different for Su Ming. To him, being in the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm was already enough to bring out the full potential of his powerful physical body and the different powers contained within the left and right arms of his statue of the God of Berserkers.

As Su Ming's cultivation base erupted, the seal placed within his mind broke down even more. By the looks of it, it was about to crumble at any moment. However, there was still a hint of power whose origins were unknown coming forth to increase the strength of that seal, trying to prevent Su Ming from breaking the seal on his memories fully.

When Su Ming was still in the initial stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, he had already sensed this, but he could see only brief signs of this external force within him. However, when he reached the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm and the seal broke even more, he swiftly engaged this external force in an invisible fight.

Su Ming could also vaguely feel that this external force did not come from the land of Berserkers, but from somewhere above, beyond the sky… from the galaxy that belonged to the Immortals.

In fact, Su Ming had a strong feeling that if his power could increase a little further, then he could find the source of this external force using it as his lead, and he would see just who was sealing his memories!

Even if Su Ming already had an answer, he still wanted to see… Di Tian's real self, who would surely be residing within the world of Immortals, since he could only send his clones to the land of Berserkers.

It was also during that instant that Ji An finally made his decision. He temporarily gave up on the fight over the ownership for Eastern Wastelands Tower… because he had to stop Su Ming. Even if this meant that he was helping Di Tian, Ji An would still do it, because he was, in the end, also an Immortal.

It was impossible for him to just watch Su Ming continue becoming stronger. This sort of result was something he could not accept.

'All of this is Di Tian's doing. I might not know his plans, but clearly, they failed. Instead he made Destiny… become this way…' Ji An's expression turned dark. He did not immediately attack, but instead chose to keep his gaze on Su Ming and wait for his chance.

'And this statue… This isn't a statue of the God of Berserkers anymore. I've been researching the Berserkers for many years, and I've never heard of any Berserker having this sort of statue appear when they reach Berserker Soul Realm!

'Usually, once they reach Berserker Soul Realm, the complete form of their statues would manifest in one go, but this Su Ming… still didn't manifest his full statue of the God of Berserkers despite merging his soul twice. He could only manage to make two arms appear.

'If we just let him continue like this, then once this unprecedented statue of the God of Berserkers manifested completely… just how strong would it be..?

'Based on Evil Sect's investigations, nothing this strange had occured when the third God of Berserkers inherited the first God of Berserkers' will either, and it was the same for the second God of Berserkers. We don't know whether this happened for the first God of Berserkers, but…'

Ji An's pupils suddenly shrank and his heart instantly started racing in his chest. He lifted his head swiftly and stared fixedly at the arms that belonged to Su Ming's statue. His face instantly turned pale.

'Sovereign Chi made a prediction in the past. The first God of Berserkers' inheritance would end once he passed it to the third, and there would no longer be a fourth God of Berserkers who would inherit the first God of Berserkers' will… There is no possibility of error for this…

'Yet if there's someone who won't inherit the first God of Berserkers' will but manages to craft a path that is similar to the first's with his own strength and becomes a new God of Berserkers… then this will not be within Sovereign Chi's predictions!

'He gathered the world of Berserkers' kismet on himself and his Berserker Soul brought out an anomaly in the world. Snow started falling on the entire land of Berserkers and lightning replaced the sky… All of these… All of these things… are telling openly that this Su Ming… is about to become the fourth God of Berserkers!'

Ji An's pupils shrank even more, and his expression also started changing rapidly.

In the end, the killing intent within his heart increased several thousand times. The Immortals could absolutely not allow any God of Berserkers to appear among the Berserkers once again!

It was especially so when it was one who would not inherit the first's will but would be like the first and become the God of Berserkers on his own… and who had even obtained the entire world of Berserkers' kismet on himself while bringing forth such a change in the world.

However, at the instant Ji An made this decision in his heart, Su Ming, as he stood on his statue of the God of Berserkers' left hand while his Qi continued rising to reach the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, lowered his head and looked towards Di Tian. He then lifted his right hand and swung it outwards, and, immediately, the world roared.

All appearances of things having slowed down vanished at that instant, and the pressure in the world also dissipated. Everything returned to normal, and Su Ming took a step forward.

It was also at that moment that the golden-robed Di Tian let out a roar that reverberated in the air. The true Soar to the White Sky that he had activated by offering up his body had turned into a white sun, and with a loud bang, it charged towards Su Ming.

The white sun contained an indescribably vast power and a presence that could wipe away everything within the world. Hong Luo had been unable to match up to this Art in the past, and Su Ming had also been injured gravely because of this Art several years ago. In the end, he was brought away by someone while he was at death's door.

However, it did not mean that there was no way to break this Art. Su Ming still remembered that by using the power from the God of Berserkers, not only had he managed to break this Art the first time he had fought against Di Tian, but he had also destroyed one of Di Tian's clones.

He had managed to do it in the past. Even though he had relied on the power of the God of Berserkers to do so, with his current abilities, he might be able to do this again even without the assistance.

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath. An eye-catching glare appeared in his eyes and he lifted his right hand to swing it against the incoming white sun. Immediately, the right arm of his statue rose up, and as it formed a seal, it charged towards the white sun.

The right arm contained the ninth summit and Dark Mountain, and had been formed after these two mountains overlapped, resulting in that right arm having the power to destroy the sky and earth. With a vast amount of pressure spreading out from within it, it charged forward, and since it also contained Destiny's Art to reverse time, it caused the space where it passed to look as if it was withering away. As wrinkles appeared in space, inch by inch, it looked as if it had been struck by more than just one fist. Instead, it looked as if there had been another fist that had struck space a breath ago, and another one two breaths ago.

Even if the Immortals tried to track down the start of this tunnel of time, none of them would be able to know just how many punches were contained within this reversal of time. They would only be able to see an endless amount of afterimages, which made it look as if there were worlds being born and destroyed around it.

It was as if everything had happened within an instant…

When the fist closed in on the sun, the world lost its color. The right arm looked as if it had controlled the reversal of time to get closer to the white sun with a bang.

Su Ming lifted his left hand at the same time and pointed towards the white sun. With it, the left hand of his statue swayed before immediately turning crimson red, the color of the blood moon. An endless amount of snow also appeared around it, and a power that thirsted for blood as well as aimed to tear apart everything erupted.

Nine Divine Will's Lightnings appeared on the statue's left arm. With a roar, they surrounded the entire area, as if having spread out through space and shattered the universe. With that indescribable presence, the left arm charged towards the white sun with its earth shaking divine ability.

The statue's arms contained Su Ming's will, along with his Art and spirit. As these two gathered together, they turned into… a realm that even Su Ming did not know about.

That was…

"Dao! This is Dao! He actually mastered Dao!" Ji An sucked in a sharp breath. He should not be doing this with his status, but at that moment, he could not help but let out a cry of surprise.

Once he voiced those words, the tens of thousands of Immortals in the area found their jaws falling slack out of shock as their minds filled with absent-mindedness and confusion. The powerful warriors who were in Ascendance, like Shen Dong, had even widened their eyes as they looked at Su Ming.

That was indeed Dao. It was the personal Dao that was rare even among the Immortals!

"Dao…" Tian Lan Meng's knees went weak as she stood among the crowd. She bit her bottom lip as she stared silently at Su Ming in the sky. Her heart was empty, and her face was rife with anguish.

She could still remember vaguely that there had been a faint possibility of a future between her and Su Ming in the past, but as time passed by and she took that particular action in the World of Nine Yin, that possibility had been cut off.

Over the years, she had originally thought that she would forget about the past, but at the moment she saw Su Ming on the battlefield, tears still flowed down her eyes.

"He doesn't suit you." These words were spoken with a sigh from beside Tian Lan Meng. They belonged to her older sister, Tian Lan You.

A shocking roar covered the sisters' words. The two arms from Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers crashed into the white sun at that moment, causing a loud bang to erupt into the air, one that made most of the tens of thousands of Immortals cough up blood.

Numerous Immortals endured the intense pain in their bodies with gritted teeth and looked towards Su Ming so that they could see his Dao, as well as the end of the battle.

They saw Su Ming closing his eyes in midair in the midst of that loud sound, and with his lifted right hand, he looked like an artist sinking into a trance before he drew the first stroke of his painting.

That one stroke was for Berserker Obliteration.

Su Ming had executed this Art many times in his life, but he had never used it under such circumstances, when he had been acknowledged by the land of Berserkers, had the world's kismet on his body, and with the status of the fourth God of Berserkers… This was the first time he executed the God of Berserkers' song with Berserker Obliteration like this!

"The place where I was born still did things according to the laws of the universe. When I was born, the Berserkers had weakened…

"If the heavens are heartless, then we will all be separated. The earth was heartless, and it made my Dark Mountain die…

"If the heavens don't have eyes, then I will step on it and watch myself seal the heavens!

"The world's kismet is upon me, and I will surely kill Di Tian with my own hands.

"If the deities don't have souls, then I swear I will slaughter the deities and become the Emperor!

"My Berserkers' Soul has formed, and I will dye the Immortals' sky red with millions of their lives throughout my life!"

This Berserker Obliteration was sung by Su Ming placing his whole life within it, and with this will… why should he not destroy all the Immortals?!
