# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 668

That one stroke was the song for Berserker Obliteration, but even as it was sung, it could never capture all the emotions contained in the Berserkers' tears...

Su Ming closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he looked as if he was holding onto a brush in his right hand. It was still lifted in midair, and he drew one stroke… right across the white sun and the golden-robed Di Tian, even as the two arms from his statue of the God of Berserkers was charging over.

This one stroke looked as if it had gathered the world of Berserkers' kismet and contained the laws within the world, as well as Su Ming's oath to turn it into… a glorious scene as magnificent as the world being created.

It was like someone had lifted an old dusk-colored curtain to reveal the prideful sun rising into the sky behind it. It represented the world being turned back in time, and also represented the possibility of the Berserkers… rising in hope and glory once more.

At the same time Su Ming drew this stroke, a loud, deafening bang rang into the air. This came from the arms of the statue. With the time contained in the right and lightning in the left—these two arms collided with the white sun with a bang, causing a shocking bang to erupt into the sky.

Su Ming's Berserker Obliteration seemed to have changed the law within the world of Berserkers during that instant.

If the world of Berserkers had a spirit, then the change in that law would mean that the spirit would remember Su Ming's, as the God of Berserkers', oath, especially the last line...

"I will dye the Immortals' sky red with millions of their lives throughout my life!"

It was precisely this God of Berserkers' oath that caused the golden-robed Di Tian's white sun to start crumbling swiftly from the middle at the instant Su Ming drew that stroke across it. The sun eventually exploded completely, turning into a wave of impact that swept through the area in the sky.

Wherever it went, the space would crack, and it would also cause the earth to collapse. The Immortals on the ground looked at this scene in the sky in shock, and a chill slowly crept up their spines.

If this destruction had started on the ground, then perhaps none of them would be standing anymore.

As that white sun that contained the golden-robed Di Tian's life shattered, his body showed up. He staggered backwards and coughed up a mouthful of blood. The crown on his head crumbled into pieces and disappeared.

His Emperor's robe was also torn apart before it exploded. The golden-robed Di Tian fell back once again, looking incredibly pathetic with his pale face. His gaze was unfocused and had lost its previous brilliant shine, but the grudge in his eyes was now much stronger than before.

At that moment, his grudge fused together with his broken smile. He looked at Su Ming, and he knew that from this moment onwards, perhaps Su Ming was truly completely out of his control.

But… it did not mean that he no longer had a chance!

Compared to Di Tian's current pathetic state, Su Ming remained as calm as ever, even though his face was slightly pale. However, the seven colors of the rainbow were shining on his body. That light seemed to be spreading out from his body and reflecting off the sky while fusing with the ground.

At that instant, a feeling that they did not know whether what was happening was their figment of imagination filled up all the hearts of those who were watching Su Ming.

And that was… Su Ming had… fused together perfectly with the world due to an opportunity.

He was the sky, the earth, and the whole world of Berserkers—this perfect fusion caused all the people to feel as if they were facing the world when they looked at Su Ming.

It was impossible to describe this feeling with words, but it was incredibly strong within each and every single person's hearts, yet none of them were able to give it words.

"Fusion with the world…"

Ji An sucked in a breath and mumbled to himself. He could tell with just one glance that Su Ming's power had already surpassed the First Step and was in the process of moving through the Second Step. He was going through the fusion with the world, and once he completed it, his power would increase by leaps and bounds.

'He might have gathered the world of Berserkers' kismet on himself, but it was just that. He had only gathered it, but had not fused with it… What happened previously was that the kismet used the child's body as a carrier to explode, and now… he had fused with it. This fusion means that it is no longer something as simple as the kismet gathering on him and using him as a carrier. He has taken control of it!

'If this person falls, the Berserkers will fall. If this person rises to glory, the Berserkers will also rise to glory…

'This is the sign of the God of Berserkers. As I expected, he's really the fourth God of Berserkers. The world of Berserkers' kismet only reacted this way because it has acknowledged his oath as the God of Berserkers!'

Ji An stared at Su Ming, and a deep wave of killing intent rose in his heart.

'He was acknowledged by the world of Berserkers. Destiny… Just as expected of Destiny!'

At the instant killing intent ran rampant in Ji An's heart, Su Ming sucked in a deep breath. He lowered his head and looked towards Di Tian, swiftly taking a step forward.

"The world's kismet is upon me, and I will surely kill Di Tian with my own hands!" This was his oath as the God of Berserkers, and it meant that he had to fulfill this oath.

At that moment, the golden-robed Di Tian was in an incredibly weakened state. The burning of his life had dealt a heavy blow to him, and the shattering of his Art had caused him to suffer a huge backlash. He… was no longer Su Ming's opponent.

Di Tian did not choose to dodge when Su Ming charged towards him. A strange light started shining in his eyes, and at the instant he looked as if he had made some sort of decision, Ji An, who had been watching from afar and had not chosen to truly attack since the start, lifted his foot swiftly and stomped the air before him.

With it, the world roared, and a powerful wave spread out swiftly, like the gusts of violent wind, from around Ji An.

"That's enough!"

Ji An let out a cold harrumph. As he lifted his right hand, he opened the fan in his hand swiftly, and a layer of black fog moved with a bang from within it to turn into nine black dragons, which then charged towards Su Ming.

Su Ming had long since expected Ji An's attack. He might be from Evil Sect, but he was, in the end, an Immortal. Due to his position, there was no way he would just stand by and watch Di Tian's clones die one after another.

Almost at the instant Ji An activated his divine ability, ripples showed up around Su Ming. As they shone, they turned black, surrounding him layer by layer and preventing him from moving forward. Soon after, Ji An took a step forward and appeared right before Su Ming.

With a wave of his arm, a force that surpassed the golden-robed Di Tian's power charged towards Su Ming with a bang. From several directions behind him, the nine black dragons roared and closed in on him as well.

Su Ming remained as calm as ever. Right from the moment he stepped out and fought against Di Tian, he had already known that this battle would be exceedingly difficult. Not only would he have to fight against Di Tian's clones, if he caused too much commotion, this Ji An would also attack.

In fact… even though the sky was distorting and crumbling, the two gigantic vortexes were still there, not having dissipated. They had only become slightly duller, as if they had been hidden away.

However, they were still around, and this meant that during the final moments of this battle, new Immortals would descend to this world… and Di Tian's real self would definitely not just sit back and watch his clones die. His real self might not be able to come to this place personally, but he would definitely think of something and send stronger people to this place.

Su Ming could not stop any of this. There was only one path that lay before his eyes, and that was… to fight!

He would fight till the world turned dark. He would fight till the sun and moon no longer shone. He would fight till a sea of blood surged into the sky. He would fight… until he killed millions upon millions of Immortals!

Besides, Su Ming knew that his statue of the God of Berserkers only had two arms at the moment, and there was a powerful urge within his body telling him… that he could become stronger!

However, even though this feeling of becoming stronger was incredibly great, it was still not enough for an outburst. It was as if his blood had not reached its boiling point just yet. If he wanted to make himself stronger, bring out more of his statute, then he would need a full outburst.

Then, in the midst of all these explosions, of understanding his own power, and all the battles and dangers, he would latch onto his own potential so that this feeling of becoming stronger would become reality.

Su Ming had not completely understood all of these things previously, but once he lost against the golden-robed Di Tian during their first exchange of blows, once he was overcome by madness due to his hate and made his decision to kill Di Tian, he clearly sensed that he could reach the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. That was why… he reached the middle stage of that realm.

Right then, what he needed was to sense the signs that told him he could reach the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. Among these endless battles, he could… make himself become a Berserker in the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. He could even attain great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, and even… Life Cultivation!

"All those that block my path have the same sin as Di Tian!"

Su Ming's blood was burning in his body. As his voice traveled outwards, he swiftly lifted his right hand and seized the air in the direction of the ground.

The powerful Enchanted Treasures that had been activated between Evil Sect and all the Immortal sects on the ground no longer moved, since both sides were no longer fighting. But they were not taken back either.

At that moment, the blood kirin within Evil Sect standing among the tens of thousands of Immortals on the ground had become Su Ming's target.

The blood kirin had spread out and covered the Evil Lust Sect disciples as if it was protecting them. Yet now, as Su Ming seized the air with his right hand, that creature started trembling, and it even lifted its head to let out a shrill roar.

The next scene after shocked the Evil Sect disciples to the heart—the blood kirin only let out one more roar before flying up against its will.

This creature might be Evil Lust Sect's treasure and was formed by the blood of the Evil Lust Sect disciples, but since it appeared in the land of Berserkers, then there was even more aura of death compared to blood in its body.

That aura of death was naturally born in the land of Berserkers. It was one of its kismet and laws. At that moment… if Su Ming wanted to use this kirin, then this beast could naturally not go against him.

Almost in an instant, the blood kirin flew into midair, but before it could get any closer, Su Ming formed a seal with his hand and pointed at it. The blood kirin let out a shrill scream of pain and its body crumbled with a bang. As it did so, a large amount of aura of death spilled out.

It was also at this moment that the nine black dragons behind Su Ming closed in on him. Ji An also appeared right before him, but Su Ming's expression remained calm. During the instant the blood kirin crumbled, he lifted his left hand and formed a seal.

The blood kirin's collapse caused a large amount of aura of death to spread out, and during that instant, that aura of death formed a gigantic seal in midair. It was… the Verdant Abyssal Seal.

"Shatter," Su Ming said softly.

The Verdant Abyssal Seal swiftly exploded, causing the sky to tremble. In the midst of the distortions, an endless amount of aura of death spilled out and descended from the sky above Su Ming to charge towards him. Then, with Su Ming acting as its center, it swept outwards.

Su Ming stood in the middle of it all with his hair flying and his robes dancing. His eyes were turning red with killing intent.

Whoever blocked his path… he would kill!
