# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 669

The instant the Verdant Abyssal Seal formed by the blood kirin crumbled, it turned into a huge wave of impact that instantly crashed into the waves that limited Su Ming's movements. A loud bang came from the crash, and Su Ming's body was freed. At the same moment, the aura of death from the sky descended and enveloped the nine black dragons behind Su Ming.

Yet Ji An only paused for a moment before he faced that aura of death headon and charged towards Su Ming. He lifted his left hand and and struck him through the air.

It looked like a simple strike, but once he delivered it, dozens of illusions that belonged to dozens of strange, ferocious beasts manifested before Ji An. They appeared within an instant, then disappeared within the next, and his palm had already closed in.

At the instant his left hand crashed into Su Ming's right fist through the air, an even louder bang shook the sky and earth as it reverberated in the air. Blood trickled out of Su Ming's lips and he fell back almost a thousand feet. As for Ji An, his body swayed a little, but he did not retreat. However, the color of his face did change several times in succession.

Clearly, Su Ming's punch and the impact from the aura of death had also had quite the impact on him.

Su Ming wiped away the blood at the corners of his mouth. A great fighting spirit shone in his eyes, and his blood was boiling. He could feel it. The greater the pressure from Ji An brought with it the signs of him being able to break through the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Stage becoming greater.

"If you want to fight, then we fight!"

Su Ming swiftly rose into the sky, and with a swing of his arm, his statue of the God of Berserkers' arms appeared once again beside him. They then charged towards Ji An once more.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. As a thought appeared in his head, an illusion manifested behind him. That illusion was his Nascent Divinity. It appeared with an incredibly dense presence, and at the same time it exuded waves of pressure from its body, it brought out a loud commotion among the Immortals underneath the instant they saw Su Ming's Nascent Divinity.

Even Ji An was momentarily taken aback by the sight.

Nascent Divinities were something unique to high level Immortals. It was impossible for these things to exist in Berserkers.

"Nascent Divinity… That is… That is a Nascent Divinity!"

"That person is a Berserker, but he managed to create a Nascent Divinity!"

"Could he be practicing both the ways of the Berserkers and the Immortals' cultivation? This is… Someone researched this many years ago, but in the end, they discovered that both systems couldn't exist at the same time in one body. Yet he… He actually managed to do it!"

Amid those loud voices, the arms of Su Ming's statue charged towards Ji An. The power contained within them was something that even Ji An did not dare underestimate. At that moment, he did not have any time to think about anything else. He swung the fan in his hand, and black fog immediately rose around him, turning into black armor on his body.

Su Ming closed his eyes once his Nascent Divinity appeared. He then lifted his right hand and formed a seal. Once he transformed it nine times, he executed Hong Luo's Nine Transfigurations and implemented it within the divine ability he was about to cast, then pointed towards his right leg. Right after, he lifted his head and took a step forward.

At the instant his foot landed, the entire world looked as if it was shaking, and right before everyone's eyes, a huge foot manifested in the sky above Ji An.

This was the God of Berserkers' Seven Steps!

Su Ming took seven steps in succession. Once the first foot appeared in the sky, six others followed, each of whom had the presence stronger than that of the one that came before it. Once these seven feet fused together and turned into one, it came crashing down.

The world roared, and Ji An's pupils shrank. He let out a low growl, and the black armor on his body spread out. At the same time, an illusion immediately manifested behind him, looking extremely bizarre. The creature had two horns on its head, but was in the shape of a human, yet not. It looked like a monster from beyond the world, and it was ten thousand feet tall.

That illusion lifted its head and let out a piercing roar, then charged towards Su Ming's God of Berserkers' Seven Steps.

Even in the midst of those roars, Su Ming still had his eyes closed and did look toward the results of the battle. Instead, he continued stimulating his own mind, causing the signs of him being able to breakthrough the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm to become stronger.

After executing Nine Transfigurations, Su Ming lifted his left hand. He did not form a seal, but instead chose to lock his left hand with his right. He then formed ten different signs. The area around him turned indistinct, and that indistinct state would grow stronger with each sign he made. When Su Ming formed the ninth one, the indistinct, hazy area turned into an illusion, and his body could no longer be seen clearly.

This was the Art Hong Luo had obtained by chance numerous years ago, but due to the nobility of his bloodline and his confidence towards the royal blood's divine abilities, he had regarded it with scorn and never bothered to practice it… the Nine Transfigurations, Ten Transformations, One Voice Art!

This Art could take the form of everything in the world, as long as there was a connection between the caster and the thing they wanted to create. Like Su Ming at that moment. Once he executed the nine transformations from the ten, he found that he could not form the final one, that was why he chose to give up on continuing. Instead, he fused his mind with his snake.

During that instant, right when the Immortals below calmed down, the indistinct area around Su Ming's body increased exponentially: to a hundred, a thousand, five thousand, and up to ten thousand feet!

Due to the indistinct area no one was able to see Su Ming anymore, but the appearance of such a scene in the world was still enough to cause all those who saw it to be feel their hearts trembling in shock. At the same time, they also felt their hearts racing against their will, as if they were being controlled.

In fact, all the tens of thousands of people's hearts were forced to beat at the same high rate. Because of that, the pressure that was formed was enough to make all those people feel overwhelmingly shocked.

Badump, badump…

The sounds of the heartbeats caused all those who heard them to feel as if they were listening to their own heartbeats. However, if they listened carefully, they would find, with pale, ashen faces, that those heartbeats came from the indistinct illusion in the sky.

It was as if there was a heart within that illusion, and everyone's hearts had to follow its heartbeat. If they did not obey, then their hearts would explode because they did not harmonize with the world.

Even Ji An was shocked by it. At the instant the arms of Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers locked with each other, he cast a sideways glance towards it. The moment he looked over, a shocking roar came from that indistinct illusion.

That roars did not seem like it belonged to a person but a ferocious beast that could destroy the world.

All the people's hearts started beating even faster.

As more roars reverberated through the air, the indistinct illusion swiftly broke and turned into an endless amount of crystalline lights that tumbled backwards. During that instant, a gigantic beast of ten thousand feet swiftly shot out!

The beast's appearance stirred up a commotion that surpassed all the previous ones. It also immediately caused the tens of thousands of Immortals instinctively retreat, causing the land to be in a state of chaos.

In the midst of that chaos, Ji An's pupils shrank. Disbelief could be seen entering his eyes.

"Candle Dragon!"

"That's a Candle Dragon!"

"Just how did Su Ming manage to do it?! How could he obtain a Candle Dragon as his pet?!"

"That's not a pet! That's Su Ming himself! He transformed into a Candle Dragon! Could it be that he's actually a Candle Dragon that transformed into a human?!"

In the midst of those voices, Su Ming's face appeared right above the head of that Candle Dragon in the sky. He had his eyes closed and was not moving. The giant snake's body moved in the sky, and when the Candle Dragon lifted its head, it let out a roar. That voice was filled with a power that could capture souls, and it made all the people who heard it feel their hearts and minds entering a daze. In an instant, illusions rose within their minds, and they could not control themselves.

At the same time, the Candle Dragon charged towards Ji An. At the instant it closed in, it opened its eyes, and once the dragon did so, Su Ming, too, opened his eyes. The power to capture souls that was a countless amount of times stronger than before erupted forth. This was the Candle Dragon's true power for soul catching.

At that instant, the world lost its color because of that power, and everything looked as if it had turned into emptiness. The Candle Dragon's eyes were the only source of dark light remaining in the world.

Even someone as powerful as Ji An could not help but enter a daze. This absent-mindedness might have only lasted for several breaths, but when his mind became clear, the arms of the statue of the God of Berserkers were already very close to him. But this was not the main point. What mattered was that the Candle Dragon's body was no longer before him, but was behind him, and it was charging straight towards the dazed and incredibly pathetic looking golden-robed Di Tian.

Ji An's pupils shrank. Without any hesitation, he lifted his right hand and struck his body. He could not let anymore of Di Tian's clones die. At the very least, they could not die in Su Ming's hands.

With his power, he had long since been able to see that something was off about Su Ming. There was an incredibly powerful determination within him, and that determination was focused on killing Di Tian. With each clone he killed, that determination would be stimulated, allowing Su Ming to absorb more power from the world and causing his cultivation base to increase explosively because of it.

Ji An knew clearly that if the golden-robed Di Tian was killed by Su Ming, then Su Ming might immediately have the thought to reach the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. In fact, there was even a possibility that he would arrived at the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm with just one step.

At that moment, when Ji An struck his body with his right hand, his body immediately started distorting, as if he was about to split up. Overlapping shadows immediately manifested behind him, as if they were about to form another clone.

However, right at the instant this clone was about to appear, Su Ming, who had turned into the Candle Dragon, turned his head around and let out a loud roar at Ji An.

This roar was the Candle Dragon's roar, and it was also Su Ming's… God of Berserkers' roar!

That roar also contained Su Ming's understanding towards the Nine Transfigurations, Ten Transformations, One Voice. That One Voice was like an order that caused the world to lose its color.

The booming roar caused Ji An's body to freeze, and at the same time, an eyeball also flew out from Su Ming's body. That eyeball swelled up in midair, and within it was a sealing power that belonged to… Hidden Execution of Justice!

The roar, seal, soul capture, arms from the statue of the God of Berserkers, and the God of Berserkers' steps had all been executed by Su Ming for one reason alone - to trap Ji An!

At that moment, he succeeded.

At the instant Ji An was trapped, the Candle Dragon that was Su Ming brought with him madness, killing intent, and hatred when it opened its mouth wide in the direction of the dazed Di Tian. Then, he sucked in a deep breath.

The world became dark, and Di Tian died.
