# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 672

'I wasn't strong enough. If I was strong enough, Di Tian wouldn't have dared to do this!

'My power still isn't enough for me to be considered a powerful warrior, or else I would be able to break the will connecting Di Tian and eldest senior brother!

'All of this… is because I'm too weak!

'I want to become stronger. I want to become endlessly stronger. I want to become a powerful warrior that can dictate its own fate!' Su Ming roared in his heart. Red filled his eyes, and his Qi burst forth from his body at that instant.

This was his roar towards fate, his roar towards Di Tian.

The anomaly in the world caused by his Berserker Soul had yet to disappear. It was still around, and Su Ming's serendipity had yet to end. He could still become stronger, but he needed enough stimulation and incentives. The stimulation he had obtained from his battle with Ji An had not been enough. By devouring the golden-robed Di Tian, that stimulation had reached an incredibly high level. Eldest senior brother's appearance and fate's decision against him had caused Su Ming to understand many things within a moment.

There were certain things that were out of a person's control when he lived in this world, just like what happened between eldest senior brother and Su Ming himself. This was… perhaps a form of Life.

And they needed to gain control over the power that was needed to break this Life themselves. Only by endlessly becoming stronger and making themselves the lords of everything could they… make sure that something like this never happened a second time!

This was Life.

In anguish, Su Ming knew that he had gained a deeper understanding towards the word Life, but the price for this epiphany was too great, and he… would rather have not gained it.

As his Qi erupted and his power in the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm continued rising until the large amount of signs for the later stage in the Berserker Soul Realm showed up, Su Ming saw his eldest senior brother being pushed back by an invisible force. At that moment, Su Ming lifted his right hand slowly and swung it at the sky.

"I understood how to clear my mind in the ninth summit, and after that, I understood the power of wind… I fused with the wind crystal and became the Wind Berserker." As Su Ming mumbled and swung his arm, the sky started roaring again.

More rainbows appeared, and their numbers were endless. They covered the entire sky until even the distortions up ahead looked as if they were only the wrinkles of the sky. When anyone looked over, they would find that their vision had been blocked off.

As loud booms echoed in the air, a humming sound that made it seem as if there was someone roaring begun in the sky. It was as if that person was trying to say something, but due to the distorted sky standing in between his words and the people's ears, no one could could understand him.

Yet even so, the pressure and the anomalies in the world as Su Ming began his endeavor to reach the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm already surpassed what was brought out when he reached the initial and middle stages of the Berserker Soul Realm previously.

It was bound to happen. The vast presence of Su Ming's venture into the Berserker Soul Realm would be unprecedented!

It was bound to happen. All those who watched Su Ming reach the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm would find this scene to be the most brilliant and beautiful light that they had ever seen up to that point in their lives!

"I, Su Ming, now bring forth the Berserkers' Wind Berserker! Appear!" Su Ming's voice spread out, and as the world rumbled, an infinite amount of wind rose swiftly around him. The violent gusts then rose above the nine heavens.

The sky and earth trembled. At the instant this sight caught the world's attention, waves surged and tumbled about the endless Dead Sea far beyond Eastern Wastelands. It was as if there were an endless amount of raging dragons roaring in the sea, and their roars swept up the seawater to bring up waves that surged into the sky, making it seem as if the entire Dead Sea was boiling and erupting.

Within the deepest depths of it was a place that practically no one knew about, and it was a place that was separated from the world by an immeasurable amount of seawater. That place was once a continent many years ago, but now… it had turned into a frozen world.

There was an entire city frozen solid within the depths of the Dead Sea. Freezing air spread out from it, causing that place of the Dead Sea to be much colder.

There was an innumerable amount of buildings and palaces within that frozen city. A tall altar could be seen within the silent city as well. On that altar was a frozen old man, and right before him was a long animal spine.

That was… Great Yu Imperial City!

In the midst of all the silent years, Su Ming seemed to have been the only living person who had coincidentally entered that place. Aside from him, it seemed like no one else had come to bother Great Yu Imperial City's sleep.

Yet at that moment, as Su Ming summoned the Wind Berserker from Eastern Wastelands, a powerful presence suddenly erupted from a lofty palace to the right of the frozen Great Yu Imperial City, right in the depths of the silent Dead Sea.

The appearance of that presence broke the silence that had lasted for years there. As it erupted, a loud boom reverberated in Great Yu Imperial City. The lofty palace shattered in an instant and turned into broken pieces of rubble that spread out to reveal a huge statue that was several thousands of feet tall.

The statue looked incredibly ordinary, but there was an endless amount of light breezes surrounding its body. That wind grew stronger with each passing moment, until it eventually stirred up the entire Dead Sea and caused a giant whirlpool to appear at the surface of the sea.

As the whirlpool spun with loud booming sounds, a shudder shook the statue before it rose from the ground and charged towards the area above. Then, it disappeared into the whirlpool in the Dead Sea.

Almost at the instant that happened and Su Ming pointed forward with his right hand the moment he finished speaking, the world rumbled, and a long arc traveling with an indescribable speed that far surpassed Su Ming's own swiftly closed in from the distant sky.

The sounds of wind that were stirred up because of it were strong enough to tear through everything, including the sky and the earth. Quite a number of the tens of thousands of Immortals collapsed due to the piercing howls of the wind.

During that instant, a gigantic statue appeared right above Su Ming!

Naturally, this statue was the one that had appeared after the palace was destroyed under the Dead Sea! A power that belonged to wind burst forth from within the statue, stirring up all the wind within the land of Berserkers to gather about.

The weather changed, the winds and clouds moved, and the shock from this sight caused the entire world to fall silent within a moment!

The statue did not move, continuing to float in midair. Yet for some unknown reason, all those who saw it felt as if they did not know whether what they were feeling was just a figment of their imagination or not. The sense they got was that while this statue might not have been revived just yet, it still gave off an air as if it was worshipping Su Ming.

Right at the instant this feeling appeared within the hearts of all those in the land, their eyes immediately went wide. In the midst of their shock, they saw… the statue slowly rising its arms and wrapping a fist in a palm before… it knelt down and worshipped Su Ming.

This feeling of perfection made it seem as if the statue was supposed to do this right from the start. It was as if the statue… had been in this form when it was created!

"Lightning, I deceived you in the past with a trick and obtained half of the lightning crystal. I fused with that half… to let myself become the Lightning Berserker… Right now, I no longer need the other half of the crystal. I will use the half I've obtained as the guide and have… the Berserkers' Lightning Berserker… appear!"

Su Ming waved his arm, and an endless amount of lightning erupted from within his body with a bang. Those bolts of lightning swam in all directions and turned into lightning arcs that swept through the sky.

In another direction of the frozen Great Yu Imperial City was another hall in a palace. With a bang in the depths of the Dead Sea, an endless amount of lightning shattered the hall, and thunder traveled out, causing the entire Dead Sea to boil and erupt.

A large amount of lightning spread out madly within the Dead Sea, causing the ferocious beasts there to instantly let out shrill roars and dodge madly.

At the same time as the hall was destroyed, a statue that was surrounded by lightning sparks appeared. As thunder roared, it moved through the entire Dead Sea and shot straight out of the water's surface.

The statue turned into a bolt of lightning that could break space itself, allowing it to leave that way.

Chi Lei Tian was leading his people in a charge through Eastern Wastelands, when his expression suddenly changed drastically, and lightning started bursting forth from his body uncontrollably, filling the entire area around him. Those bolts of lightning let out thunderous cracks that sounded like roars, excited cries, and shouts of submission.

The sudden change caused Chi Lei Tian to be momentarily stunned before he whipped his head around to look in the direction of the Dead Sea with disbelief on his face.

"I can sense the Lightning Berserker deity statue!"

It was also right at that moment that Su Ming swung his arm and finished calling for the Lightning Berserker. An endless amount of lightning instantly appeared in the wind. At the instant those bolts of lightning turned the sky into a pool of lightning, shocking roars instantly closed in from afar, and they… belonged to a gigantic statue that was exuding an endless amount of lightning.

That statue stopped right above Su Ming, directly opposite the Wind Berserker statue. Then, as if it was looking at Su Ming, it slowly lifted its arms and wrapped a fist in its palm, and like the Wind Berserker statue, it… knelt down with a bang and worshipped Su Ming.

"This world originally did not have any Fire Berserkers… The Fire Berserker was just an incarnation of the third God of Berserkers and was what the people called him… I inherited the Fire Berserker's Art when I was young, and since this Berserker died with the third, then now… the Fire Berserker will appear in the world through my hands!"

Su Ming closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, fire rage within them. Immediately, in another direction of the Lightning and Wind Berserker, a wave of flames appeared out of nowhere in the sky.

"He Feng has died, but his will still exists in this world. With his will as your soul, the fires of the Berserkers as your body, and the Berserkers' kismet as your consciousness… Fire Berserker, appear!" Su Ming lifted his right hand and pointed towards the flames that had appeared out of thin air.

Those flames immediately exploded with a bang, and at that instant, the entire land of Berserkers was set on flames by invisible fire. Right at the same time it seemed as if the entire land was responding to Su Ming, a figure with wings appeared within the flames Su Ming was pointing towards. The figure was like the Wings of the Moon, but it resembled… He Feng even moreso.

However, He Feng had already died, and the one that appeared right then was his will, which was remembered by the world after his death. Right then, his will manifested and fused with the world of Berserkers' kismet, and as it burned, a figure gathered in the air.

It was also a statue, but it was burning statue. It appeared as He Feng, and as it opened its eyes and met Su Ming's gaze, the Fire Berserker statue slowly lifted its arms and wrapped a fist in its palm as a salute before it knelt swiftly on the ground to worship him.

The Fire Berserker, Wind Berserker, and Lightning Berserker statues formed an equilateral triangle, and they were all kneeling towards Su Ming, who stood in the center, as if Su Ming was their king, their sovereign, the God of Berserkers which they acknowledged!
