# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 673

Later Stage of the Berserker Soul Realm!

Su Ming was standing in midair, right in the center of the three Berserker statues. He looked at the sky, and there was an endless amount of rainbows shining around him, as if they were all worshiping the Berserkers' King.

The distortions in the sky became a backdrop for this scene of Su Ming being surrounded by the statues, resulting in him looking like the core of the world.

Su Ming's Qi erupted forth with a bang as the three Berserker statues knelt down and worshipped him. An invisible wave of air surrounded him, howling, and caused Su Ming's hair to move without wind and his robes to flutter. The presence of his cultivation base also erupted forth at that moment.

It continued rising, until it reached the peak of the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm in the blink of an eye. He was only half a step away from the later stage, and he felt as if he could reach that stage if he just took one step forward.

However, this half a step was not easy to take. Su Ming's Qi and cultivation base might have increased exponentially, but they only reached the peak of the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. Su Ming could not take that one step forward to truly become a powerful Berserker in the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm.

It was as if there was a membrane lying between these two stages, and he could not break through it.

The seal within Su Ming's memories was also mostly broken as his cultivation base exploded forth, bringing with it sharp stabs of intense pain. This pain remained in his head, and as the seal cracked even more, it grew stronger.

Yet Su Ming always felt a wave of power that traveled through dimensions on him, preventing the seal in his head from breaking. It was as if that power would absolutely not allow the seal in Su Ming's head to break, and it was increasing its strength in attempts to it to stabilize completely.

It was this power that had become the membrane preventing Su Ming from stepping into the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, causing him to be unable to completely reach a full outburst to push through.

A freezing glare appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He lifted his right hand and swung at the sky. Immediately, the world rumbled, and the Fire Berserker, Lighting Berserker, and Wind Berserker statues lifted their heads, their movements causing a bang in the air. At the instant they stood up from their kneeling postures, they fused together right above Su Ming's head.

With the power that came from the fusion and the power of the world that was surging towards him from all directions, Su Ming charged once more towards the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. That charge turned into a loud bang that surged into the sky in his body and shook Su Ming's heart and soul… but he was still slightly lacking and could not break that membrane.

"Wind, rain, thunder, lightning. These are four of the eight runic symbols in Hidden Dragon Sect. I've fused lightning and thunder into my Lightning Berserker Art, and wind also has its own Berserker Art, only rain remains… Then, with my will, I will now gather all the rain under the sky to fuse it into my rain runic symbol and merge it into my statue of the God of Berserkers!"

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. When he lifted his hands and formed a seal, he spread out his arms, and a large amount of rain immediately appeared out of nowhere as thunder roared and lightning filled the sky. Together, they swept through the land.

This area was not the only place that was visited by rain. The entire Eastern Wastelands, Dead Sea, and the land of Berserkers… were covered by rain during that instant.

It poured down from the sky, and as it continued without stop, an endless amount of rain drops gathered together to form a gigantic runic symbol before Su Ming. That symbol was shining with a brilliant light, and it charged towards the place where the three Berserker statues had fused together before it instantly merged with them.

Once that happened, the power that erupted from Su Ming's body became even stronger, but he did not immediately attempt charging into the later stage. Instead, with brightly shining eyes, he stared at the sky as if his gaze could penetrate space itself, pierce through Yin Death Region, and see the world outside, straight at the source that was trying to stabilize his seal.

'I understood the Curse from Madam Ji's ring and the Candle Dragon's eyes, and I mastered it when the reincarnations in the Undying and Imperishable World could not wipe away my soul!

'It was completed… because of Ugly Little Thing's pa and the grass knot doll in his hand.

'Today, I will fuse the Curse in my statue of the God of Berserkers and make the person who is trying to seal my memories have a taste of my Curse!'

At the instant the dark light appeared in Su Ming's eyes, he lifted his left hand, and a wave of black fog instantly seeped out of his fingers. It swiftly turned into a doll that was surrounded by fog. That doll was an illusion. It looked as if it was made from grass, and its features could not be seen clearly, but there was an incredibly strange presence spreading out from it.

The fog doll seemed to possess a soul. It let out a piercing roar towards the sky, then charged to the three Berserker statues that had fused together with the rain runic symbol above Su Ming's head. The figures overlapped and merged together.

At that instant, Su Ming's Qi and cultivation base reached their pinnacle. This was the fusion of power from the Fire Berserker, Lightning Berserker, Wind Berserker, the rain runic symbol, and the Curse. As they gradually overlapped and fused together as one, a large amount of the rainbows in the sky collapsed and turned into an endless amount of crystalline light that charged towards Su Ming, then fused into the overlapped figure of the three Berserker statues, the Curse, and the rain runic symbol.

A loud bang that turned into a humming sound replaced all manner of sound in the world, causing the Immortals in the world to feel their minds roaring, and at the instant their minds turned blank because of the violent tremors in their heads…

The three Berserkers became one!

The Curse fused together with the rain runic symbol, and joined completely the three Berserker statues. When there was no longer any distinction between them, a huge body appeared in the world.

This was just a torso, but at the moment it appeared, the pressure that spread out from within it was powerful enough to shake the sky and earth. Su Ming swung his arm, and the torso immediately crumbled with a bang, then turned into pieces that charged towards Su Ming. Once they fused into his body, Su Ming lifted his head and let out a long howl that made the world tremble.

His howl reverberated through the nine heavens, and his cultivation base erupted at that moment, increasing madly within the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm before breaking through and allowing Su Ming to step into the cultivation stage that would only appear in his dreams when he was still in Dark Mountain.

The later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm!

The number of powerful Berserkers in the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm might be a little higher than those who had attained great completion in the entire world of Berserkers, but no matter in which region they resided, they could be said to be the most powerful warriors there, and even those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm would go out of their way to recruit them to their side.

All those who reached this stage were no longer weaklings. Unless they ran into people like Su Ming, who had managed to turn his whole body into that of a true Berserker and whose power could not be measured with any of the previous conventions because his condition had never appeared before, then they were people who could look down upon the world.

Almost at the instant Su Ming's level of cultivation reached the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, the power which had come from another dimension and was holding down the seal in his head was faced with a direct resistance. Once Su Ming's cultivation base erupted, his power caused a large part of the seal to break.

As Su Ming fought back against that power, a bang went off in his head, and he immediately felt the power holding him down growing stronger, but even if it did so, it was not as pure as it was previously. It seemed that if more power was sent down, it would become increasingly murkier.

In fact, when Su Ming observed it with his power once he arrived at the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, he found a trace of an invisible path that was used by this person to send his power into him.

That path seemed to have been carved into his soul and had turned into an indirect picture. This picture was formed after six points were connected together, and that seal was contained within what they had drawn.

This was the first time Su Ming saw the passage formed by those six points in his head.

He let out a cold harrumph and did not bother about the power of suppression that descended on him. Instead, he traveled up against the flow of the path, and his divine sense instantly fused into the picture formed by the six connected points. He wanted to travel up the path this person used to descend on him and see… just who was the person who was suppressing him through another dimension.

Almost at the instant Su Ming's divine sense touched the six connected points, a loud bang rang in his head, and his consciousness instantly became clouded. He could vaguely see the endless Yin Death Fog surging about around him, and he felt like he was walking on a thin thread to charge towards the void.

He had no idea how much time had passed. When the area around him became clear, he saw the brilliant galaxy once again, as well as the vortex that was Yin Death Region below him. He also saw nine gigantic planets surrounding that vortex.

He could also see a thin thread stretching out from that galaxy into the vortex, and his consciousness had come out of the vortex through that thread.

Su Ming's consciousness swiftly traveled up that thread, but perhaps it would be more accurate to call it a shred of his will instead of his consciousness. He wanted to see with his own eyes Di Tian's will, which he believed was suppressing him from the real body.

The sensation of a shred of will wandering about might feel as if it had only gone on for an instant, but could also feel as if it had lasted for years. Su Ming had no idea how much time had passed. His will gradually grew weaker, and the reason behind it almost disappearing was because his power was still not enough to support his will spreading out like this.

Right at the instant it was about to disperse, Su Ming saw an innumerable amount of floating continents in the galaxy up ahead. There was a great amount of altars on those continents.

He had seen this place before. He saw it when Si Ma Xin died.

Su Ming's will dispersed, but right at the instant he was about to disappear, he saw himself following that thread and entering into the depths of the endless continents in the galaxy. It also meant that perhaps Di Tian's real self had cast an Art from this direction and caused Su Ming to be unable to break the seal.

Su Ming's eyes flew open. He stood in the sky, and there was an innumerable amount of gazes around him gathered on his person. He might have seemed to have gone on a long journey with his will, but in reality, it had only lasted for an instant.

At that moment, as Su Ming's cultivation base erupted and he entered the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, the world roared. In the midst of the endless distortions, a large area of the sky immediately tore apart… and a gigantic body descended with a bang.

This body had no limbs, no head; it was only a torso. However, at the instant it descended, the arms of Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers instantly manifested and fused with the torso at the empty spots where they fit. Then, what appeared before the people was a gigantic statue of the God of Berserkers that had no head and legs!

A savage presence spread out from the statue, and there was no attempt to hold back that presence at all.

"The later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm…" Su Ming took a step forward and stopped before the statue. He averted his gaze from the sky and looked towards… his eldest senior brother in the distance.

His apathetic eldest senior brother also turned his gaze towards Su Ming at that moment and looked at him with thousands of feet separating them.

After a short period of silence, as the pressure around Su Ming dissipated once his level of cultivation rose, a low growl that sounded as if it came from a wild beast swiftly fell out from eldest senior brother's lips.
