# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 677

The figure seemed to have let out a low growl and even showed signs of resisting against Su Ming's attack even if he was still caught in the state of regaining his form as he descended. Clearly, this person had extraordinary power, since he could do such a thing. After all, all the other Immortals descending to the place had been unable to put up even the barest form of resistance while their bodies were in the process of regaining their forms. They could only vanish while hate burned within them as Su Ming attacked them with his swift execution of his divine abilities.

The figure lifted his right hand and formed a seal before he pressed towards Su Ming's incoming fist. The two sides clashed, and loud bangs surged into the sky. A layer of ripples instantly spread outwards before tumbling backwards, shaking the pillar of light so much that it almost crumbled. Su Ming staggered nearly a thousand feet backwards and his Qi churned within his body. When he lifted his head, a brilliant light appeared in his eyes.

The figure in the pillar of light shuddered and crumbled swiftly, turning into thin black threads that eventually vanished into thin air. This person had failed in his descent, and even if he did not die, he would definitely be injured gravely!

A roar filled with discontent came from the pillar of light from another dimension.

"Who attacked me?! I'll remember this! Next time I come here, I'll definitely destroy you a thousand, no, a million times over!"

Su Ming turned a deaf ear towards those words. He might have dealt with the Immortals descending from this pillar of light, but there was another one. At that moment, several figures were rapidly gaining form within it, and two of them had even taken a step forward, as if they wanted to walk out of the pillar of light.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. Immediately, threads of black smoke manifested around him. That black smoke instantly gathered on his right hand, and almost in an instant, the Undertaker of Evil's Spear appeared. Once Su Ming grabbed it, he swiftly lifted it up and tossed it towards the other pillar of light.

The Undertaker of Evil's Spear was like a purplish black dragon that sliced through the air with a piercing whistle. It instantly shot into the pillar of light and penetrated through one of the figures who was taking a step forward. When Su Ming lifted his right hand, formed a seal, and pointed towards him, that figure instantly exploded and turned into a large wave of impact that swept through the entire area within the pillar of light.

It caused the figures that were still regaining their forms to freeze for a moment, and during that instant, Su Ming closed in on them like a shooting star. He rushed in among them. The black fog around him had covered his face, and wherever he went, the only thing that could be seen of him was an emaciated hand that looked like a skeleton stretching out from the fog. That hand crushed all the figures that could not put up any form of resistance, but among those who descended, there was one who retreated swiftly under Su Ming's ambush.

That figure had only regained half of its form, but he did not slow down the slightest in his retreat. Almost at the instant Su Ming stepped into the pillar of light, that figure avoided the Undertaker of Evil's Spear and shot back in desperation. He turned into a pale looking middle-aged man dressed in a black robe, and as he ran, his expression was filled with livid sullenness.

The Evil Sky Sect's Sect Elder was among the first batch of Immortals descending to the land, even though he could not have his real body come to the place. He could only form a magical body and send it to the land of Berserkers. But even if this was just a magical body, it could still bring up power that could suppress the Berserkers. After all, based on the Immortals' knowledge, the strongest group of people in the land of Berserkers were only equivalent to those who had reached great circle in Ascendance.

Yet during the instant he descended, he sensed a life threatening danger that made his skin crawl. He had never expected something like this to occur in the process of him descending to the land of Berserkers. This was something that he had never even considered.

No matter how intense the battle between the Immortal sects and Evil Sect were, they would not do something like destroying the bodies of those who had yet to regain their forms. This sort of thing was too despicable! And the Immortals would definitely not accept it!

"Who are you?!"

Once the black-robed man shot out of the pillar of light, he swiftly retreated. When he lifted his head to look, there was no longer any of his people in the pillar of light. There was only an illusory figure surrounded by fog, and that person was leaving with a single step.

Once the person surrounded by fog walked out of the pillar of light, most of the fog dissipated to reveal an old face. However, his face soon started squirming about, recovering rapidly. When he took his seventh step, Su Ming regained his normal appearance.

"Just what is going on?!"

The man in black's face turned even paler. The strange sight of Su Ming's body had filled him with fear, and his act of destroying the Immortals who descended made him wary. In the distance, he could see a headless person fighting against Ji An and the booming sounds that surged into the sky due to their battle left him shocked. He did not know… just what had happened in this place.

It was especially so for the tens of thousands of Immortals standing on the ground. They consisted of people from Evil Sect and the Immortal sects, but they only watched the Immortals who descended be destroyed. None of them did anything to prevent this. In fact, as he looked over, he could see hesitation… and even fear on their faces!

"They're afraid… What are they afraid of?!" The black-robed man retreated once again, then lowered his head swiftly. Once he swept his gaze across the ground, he fixed his stare on Evil Sect's crowd.

"Shen Dong, tell me what is going on?!" The black-robed man clearly knew Evil Spirit Sect's Shen Dong. As he roared, he could see the pained look on the man's face, but he did not manage to last till his answer.

Su Ming's gaze landed on him at that instant. A glint appeared in his eyes, and he turned into a bolt of lightning that charged forward.

The man's expression immediately changed. He instantly turned into seven figures that spread out rapidly into seven directions. His power had not completely descended at that moment, and he only had power equivalent to those who had achieved great circle in Ascendance. As the figures spread out, he did not choose to escape, but instead had them charge towards Su Ming from seven different directions.

Su Ming might have intimidated him previously, but he also managed to determine Su Ming's origins. He had the presence of a Berserker, and the most powerful group of people among the Berserkers were only equivalent to those who had achieved great circle in Ascendance. He had been ambushed in the pillar of light previously, so the man believed that it was completely impossible for Su Ming to fight him on even grounds now that he was out.

'As long as I hold him back for a moment, the second batch of Immortals will descend, and at that time… this person will surely die, and I'll also know just what had happened here!

'But there's something really strange here. Who's the person fighting against Ji An? He's actually preventing Ji An from even have a chance to speak, for he has to pour every single bit of his attention on attacking!

'And where is Di Tian?' As these thoughts raced in the head of the black-robed man, he charged towards his attacker.

Su Ming swept his gaze around him. There were seven figures—this divine ability was incredibly ingenious, he decided—but he didn't need to spent too much effort to find the real person. Instead, he chose to stand on the spot.

Almost at the instant Su Ming stopped moving and froze in midair, the seven people that were transformed from the black-robed man spotted glints in their eyes, and cold sneers appeared on their lips.

In the span of a breath, these seven figures accelerated and appeared around Su Ming right away. All of them formed a seal at the same time. Then, with a low shout and several dozens of feet between each of them, they pushed their palms at Su Ming.

A power that belonged to those who had achieved great circle in Ascendance rammed into Su Ming's body at that instant. Booming sounds reverberated in the air, but Su Ming did not move. He simply allowed those waves caused by the attack land on his body, thenlifted his right hand to punch the fourth person.

The world trembled. The fourth figure shuddered and coughed up a huge mouthful of blood. He immediately fell back, and disbelief as well as shock appeared on his face.

"This is… power that has surpassed Ascendance. You…" As the fourth figure fell back, the other six figures shattered and were destroyed. The fourth figure was the black-robed man's real body. At the instant he started falling back, Su Ming had already disappeared from his sight.

His heart trembled, and a strong sense of danger rose within his heart. He turned his head around, and as his pupils shrank, the final picture that he would see for the rest of his life appeared in front of him.

It was a finger, and it filled his entire vision. That finger tapped the center of his brows, and a destructive power surged into his body with a bang. It tore through his flesh and blood, and at the same time it crushed his Nascent Divinity, a Curse also fused into his soul, charging straight towards his real self in the land of Immortals through the faint connection that existed between them.

"This is impossible!"

The black-robed man let out a shrill scream, and there was true terror within that scream. In truth, even if his magical body died, his real self would at most feel a decrease in its power, but his life would not be in danger. As long as he did not die, then he could redo everything. Yet now… the chilling Curse within his soul could attack his real self through his magical body. This was something he had never expected and was the true source of his terror.

When shrill scream rang out in the air, the black-robed man erupted with a bang, and died.

In the region of the endless floating continents in the Immortals' galaxy, there was one continent at the center that had several altars built on it. There was a middle-aged man sitting on one of the,, and that man was the black-robed person Su Ming had just killed.

At the same time his magical body died, his body started trembling violently, and black patches appeared on his skin. They began rotting rapidly, and almost in an instant, they covered his entire body. That person opened his eyes and let out a shrill scream of pain. Fear appeared on his face and he swiftly stood up. He swung his right arm before himself, and a Rune immediately appeared in front of him. He lifted his foot, intending to step into that Rune.

Yet almost at the moment he lifted his foot, his eyes turned dull and he trembled, then fell to the side. His body turned into black blood at that instant, and even his Nascent Divinity was unable to escape. He… truly died!

Moments before that, he saw more than a hundred altars around him as well as in the other continents shining with a powerful light. It was as if… the Immortals were about to activate another round of transportation and send another batch of people to descend.

Su Ming pulled back his finger in the land of Berserkers. He lowered his head and looked at the tens of thousands of Immortals on the ground. All those who met his gaze instinctively lowered their heads.

Even if they were prodigies, and even if they were people who were familiar to him from his memories.

'The Berserkers gave me strength.' Su Ming's gaze swept past the crowd on the ground.

'The Berserkers gave me the power to search for the truth…

'There are people here who I can't bear to part with.

'The home which I will find hard to forget is here…

'I was born here. My existing memories contain the presence of the land of Berserkers…

'Then, from now onwards, why should I not… be a Berserker?!'

Su Ming lifted his head and looked at the two still operating Runes in the sky, which had the presence of Immortals descending to the place appearing once again. There was no longer any confusion in his eyes, but a look of determination, resolution, and also… acknowledgment!

"When you learn who you are, you are no longer you. When you no longer know who you are, you will be you."

The faint song of a xun that carried with it an ancient air resounded in Su Ming's ears...
