# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 678

'I am the God of Berserkers!' Su Ming lifted his head and said these words quietly in his heart.

At the instant they echoed in his heart, the presence of those descending appeared once again within the Runes in the sky. Those presences came from new Immortals, and they were coming from their distant land.

It was also at that moment that the rainbows beyond the two Runes increased, and the distortions also became even more violent. Sounds of something being ripped apart shook the sky and earth, and there seemed to be a faint voice roaring continuously towards the ground from those distortions.

"God of Berserkers!" If anyone listened closely, they would be able to tell vaguely that those roars were crying out these three words!!

Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers appeared instantly before him. The torso that had no head and only two arms was exuding an endless mighty pressure. Under that pressure, Su Ming's eyes shone with a brilliant light that surged into the sky.

"My statue of the God of Berserkers still lacks a pair of legs before it can reveal itself in its complete form in the universe… I am the God of Berserkers, and the third God of Berserkers' soul shall be my statue's left leg!"

As Su Ming spoke, he lifted his right hand and swung it forward. Immediately, the three pearls that were transformed from the third God of Berserkers' body after he died flew out. Those pearls turned into an illusory old man in midair. That old man opened his eyes, and once he swept his gaze across the land, he looked towards Su Ming. His obscured face made it impossible for anyone to see his appearance clearly, but they could still tell that he was smiling.

As he smiled, the old man's figure gradually disappeared. Almost at the moment he completely vanished, the left leg of Su Ming's statue appeared!

Su Ming's hair moved without wind. He watched the old man disappear, and saw the smile on his face. That was the smile the third God of Berserkers' soul left behind throughout the ages.

That smile contained acknowledgment!

At the instant the statue's left leg manifested, Su Ming's cultivation base erupted within his body and reached the pinnacle of the later stage in the Berserker Soul Realm within an instant. Only a membrane stood in his way to attain great completion!

As Su Ming's cultivation base increased, his presence was like a tidal wave that shook the sky and earth. The roars within the distortions in the sky grew stronger, and more rainbows appeared all around the area.

The figures within the pillars of light that were formed due to the Immortals descending from the Runes were gradually showing up. There were about a hundred of them, and they were rapidly gaining form.

Su Ming did not bother himself with them. He looked at his own statue of the God of Berserkers, then closed his eyes. When he reopened them, he lifted his right hand and swung it swiftly against the sky.

With it, the sky boomed, but those booming sounds could not cover Su Ming's voice, which brought shock to all the people's hearts at that moment.

"Second God of Berserkers, you, who exist as soul fragments in the world, who cry out during each Day of Eternal Creation, are you willing… to gather here and become my statue's right leg?! I swear the oath of a Berserker to you, I will surely destroy the Immortals and take revenge for you!" Su Ming's voice reverberated in all directions, causing all those who heard it to swiftly fall silent.

Besides the booming sounds from Ji An and Su Ming's eldest senior brother's battle still ringing in the air, the area was in dead silence.

Su Ming silently waited for his answer. If it had been any other moment, his words would not have obtained any answer, but now, he had the world of Berserkers' kismet in his body, and he was in the process of forming his statue of the God of Berserkers. His voice fused into the world of Berserkers, and it reverberated with his meaning, all the soul fragments in the world could hear it.

Time passed. With each breath, more Immortals appeared within the two pillars of light from the vortex. Some of them had even almost completely gained their forms.

Then, a whiff of green aura appeared out of nowhere at the empty spot where the right leg was supposed to be for Su Ming's statue. Soon after, more of it manifested from all directions of the world. As that aura gathered together, it formed an indistinct green figure before Su Ming.

This figure's appearance was as obscure as that of the third God of Berserkers. His eyes were blank when he turned, as if observing Su Ming. Su Ming also cast his gaze on the indistinct green figure.

The meeting of their gazes made the sense of familiarity that was hidden within the depths of Su Ming's memories rise up once again. This had happened the first time when he fought against Si Ma Xin and stepped on the second God of Berserkers' arm.

Right then, as this sense of familiarity rose up the second time, a dazed look appeared on Su Ming's face. He seemed to have returned to that unknown time all those years ago. In his ears he heard a baby girl's cries, a woman's gentle voice soothing her, and also… a man's voice that was filled with dignity, but at the same time a sense of gentleness.

The second God of Berserkers…

The green figure in Su Ming's eyes was made up of the second God of Berserkers' soul fragments, which had scattered through the world. This was the embodiment of all his unwillingness to admit defeat and his grudge before his death. At that moment, he was looking at Su Ming, and his empty eyes slowly gained light. Then, he gradually closed his eyes.

At the instant he did so, the green figure charged towards Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers to turn into its right leg, causing this statue to truly stand in the world.

At that instant, Su Ming's cultivation base erupted with a bang. At the same time, his statue became mostly complete and was only lacking a head. The statue of the God of Berserkers that stood in the world was ten thousand feet tall and looked like a colossal giant that was exuding a mighty pressure which shocked all the Immortals in the sky.

"The first God of Berserkers… Lie Shan Xiu, who left the land of Berserkers… who crafted the Berserkers' Enchanted Vessel to protect the entire land of Berserkers, the legacy you left behind will only last till the third God of Berserkers…

"It is impossible for the fourth God of Berserkers to appear among the Berserkers, because they no longer have any legacy and inheritance, that is why if that person really appears, he would no longer be the fourth God of Berserkers, but would be… a new God of Berserkers!

"Then, I will use the monument you left behind and the items you scattered in the land of Berserkers today to make the head for my statue. From now on, I will lead all the Berserkers… into new glory!"

Su Ming was silent for a moment before he swiftly opened his mouth. His words reverberated through the world and caused the world to resonate with him. During that instant, all the ferocious beasts in the entire land of Berserkers—Eastern Wastelands, the islands of South Morning, Northern Province, and the Alliance of the Western Region—started worshiping the sky while letting out shocking roars.

Hidden in the forest of Eastern Wastelands was Berserker Fang Tribe. There were several thousands of people kneeling on the ground behind the old man standing on the empty ground at that moment. Their bodies were trembling, and the desire as well as the expectation in their eyes had almost reached their limit.

Their gazes were gathered on the old man, who was the only person standing. At that moment, he was looking silently at the sky. After some time, he seemed to have made a decision in his heart, and he turned his head around and looked at all his tribe members behind him.

"Oh well, the flames within us have caused our blood to reach a boiling point. We of Berserker Fang Tribe will take this risk, and if we succeed, the Berserkers will be different from now on, and if we fail… we will die buried under the Berserkers' sky!

"Berserker Fang Tribe, come with me to pay our respects to the God of Berserkers!"

The old man swung his arm, and roars immediately rose from within the forest. In the span of a breath, nearly ten thousand long arcs charged out into the sky to move towards the spot where their burning blood directed them.

The person in the lead was the old man.

The tribe that was hidden in the mountain range had moved out earlier than Berserker Fang Tribe. They could no longer remain silent. The flames in their blood had increased their level of cultivation, and at the same time, a will had also erupted within their blood. Eventually, most of the people in the tribe chose to fly into the sky to meet the God of Berserkers.

All the Berserkers in Eastern Wasteland erupted at the same time and charged towards the spot where Su Ming was from all directions.

Right at that moment, Su Ming swung his right hand at his statue of the God of Berserkers, and a gigantic stone monument immediately flew out from his storage bag. An ancient air spread out from it, and it was the legacy the first God of Berserkers had left behind after he went away!

Su Ming's words made the stone monument shake as it flew out. It crumbled on its own and gathered instantly on the empty spot where the head of Su Ming's statue was supposed to be. Within an instant, that dust turned into a head!

That head had no features, but its appearance completed the statue of the God of Berserkers!

As his statue of the God of Berserkers was completed, a vast presence spread out. The world rumbled, and the statue slowly turned its head around, and its featureless face was like a mirror that was looking at Su Ming.

During that instant, he completed the final requirement to arrive at the Berserker Soul Realm— having his own reflection on the God of Berserkers!

Curves immediately appeared on the featureless face of the God of Berserkers, and gradually, a face that was the exact same as Su Ming's took shape. At the instant that happened, all the rainbows in the sky crumbled with a bang and gathered within the statue.

The distortions in the sky all collapsed as well, until there was not a single one left, and the sky to become transparent at that moment.

The sky in this area was not the only part that became transparent. The entire Berserkers' sky turned transparent during that instant, causing all the Berserkers to be able to see, perhaps for the first time in their lives… the true Berserkers' sky!

The world of Berserkers had no sky.

There was only a gigantic vortex. It was large enough to cover the entire land of Berserkers. It did not matter which corner a person resided in the land of Berserkers, they would be able to see that gigantic black vortex in the sky.

The vortex was still spinning at that moment. It was formed by an endless amount of dense fog that isolated their world from everything beyond. As it rotated with loud, booming sounds, some ferocious beasts that were several hundreds of thousands of feet in size or even bigger occasionally appeared within the fog.

However, while these creatures might be big, compared to the vortex, they looked like little animals in an ocean, and they could not even hope to compare with it.

This was the true Berserkers' sky!

This was also the sky that had existed during the first God of Berserkers' time. The sun, moon, and stars that appeared later on were all… fake!

They existed because of the Immortals' Rune!

At the instant everyone saw the sky, all the Berserkers who were flying stopped moving and stared blankly at the vortex.

As for Su Ming, at the instant the face of his statue of the God of Berserkers appeared, his cultivation base broke through the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, and he attained… great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm!
