# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 679

At the instant Su Ming attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, a sharp, extreme pain immediately traveled out from the seal in his head. That pain caused veins to pop up on his face as cracks appeared on the seal. Su Ming sensed the power coming from the dimension once again, but it felt as if… it was no longer coming from another dimension. It was instead not too far away from him. Over that spot was a pair of eyes, and they were staring at him.

They were interfering with the cracks in the seal so that it would not break open. Instead, as the seal continued breaking, those cracks repeatedly closed up, resisting again and again within Su Ming's consciousness.

He could clearly tell that this was the power that had been trying to seal his memories all this while. The only difference between then and now was that it had previously been in another dimension. Right then, it seemed to be right in front of his eyes, having arrived in the land of Berserkers.

Su Ming lifted his head slowly. The eruption from his cultivation base, the resistance in his consciousness, as well as the cracking and subsequent closing of the seal caused a large amount of red to appear in his eyes. They looked as if they had turned crimson red, and as he swept his gaze across the area, his eyes landed on the pillar of light that was descending from the Rune at that moment!

"Are you… all ready?" Su Ming asked hoarsely. There was an unimaginable amount of power from the world in his body. He even had the feeling that he could cause the entire world to crumble with a single thought.

If he was the sky, then the sky was also him!

As his words traveled through the air, his voice seemed to have become one with the sky and rose with a loud rumbling. His words even sounded like a law that was implemented the moment it appeared, resulting the trembling of the entire world. As his voice reverberated in the air, the two pillars of light from the Runes began shivering, as if they were about to be unable to handle his might and crumble.

There were nearly a hundred figures within those pillars of light, most of which had already completed their descent, and all of them were silently looking at Su Ming with their hearts filling with shock.

They saw the entire process of Su Ming attaining great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, and they also saw the ten thousand feet statue of the God of Berserkers before him. The terrifying might spreading from it caused their hearts to race.

Su Ming's voice caused the pillar of light to tremble, which brought disbelief to the faces of all those people watching.

"Welcome… to the land of Berserkers!"

Su Ming swiftly lifted his head. At the instant his words left his mouth, the world rumbled, and the two pillars of light trembled violently before they crumbled with a bang. At the same time, the people within them instantly shot out in all directions.

Most to these people had extraordinary power, and some of them had even reached great circle in Ascendance. There were even two of them who had power equivalent to Di Tian's clones.

Yet at the instant they rushed out, Su Ming lifted his right hand, opened his palm, and seized in the direction before him, just as he did all those years ago when he saw the old man in the Undying and Imperishable Realm, and just as he did towards the endless undying souls in that world.

Su Ming was doing the exact same thing he did in that world. At the instant he lifted his right hand, his statue of the God of Berserkers also lifted its right hand and performed the same action.

Booming sounds instantly rose into the air, and most of the Immortals from the pillars of light froze. As their bodies trembled, they let out shrill screams filled with despair and exploded with a bang.

As that happened, wisps of life force tumbled backwards and charged towards Su Ming's right hand. Once he held them in his fist, the power of his Curse spread out and rushed straight to the land of Immortals by tracing back the trails provided by the Rune!

At the same time, Su Ming took a step forward, and his body instantly appeared before one of the cultivators with power equivalent to Di Tian's clone. That cultivator turned his head around, and dark green light instantly appeared on his body. Just as he was about to retreat, Su Ming lifted his left hand and pierced through the dark green screen of light, completely unperturbed by it. He grabbed the cultivator's chest and squeezed.

The man's eyes went wide, and his heart was crushed.

A Curse also spread out and destroyed this person's Nascent Divinity before it went straight towards the land of Immortals to destroy his real self!

"From now on, the land of Berserkers… is forbidden grounds to Immortals!" Su Ming stated calmly.

Once he unclenched his hand, he turned around, his long hair dancing behind him. He lifted his left index finger and pointed forward. At the instant he turned around, the other cultivator with power equivalent to Di Tian's clone had already warped towards him. Mountains and rivers appeared in his hand, and the sun, moon, and stars as well as the entire universe also seemed to be contained within it. These things turned into a gigantic flag, and he was swinging it at Su Ming.

Su Ming's left index finger did not stop moving. It shot through the flag and touched the cultivator's chest. That cultivator coughed up fresh blood, and as shock appeared on his face, he fell backwards. Su Ming took a step forward and snatched the flag with his right hand. Then, with his left, he hurled a fist towards that cultivator through the air.

"All Immortals who come here will be killed!" As Su Ming's flat, emotionless words reverberated in the air, his punch landed, and a voice that surged into the sky and earth shot up, stirring up multiple ripples in space. The cultivator's body crumbled and turned into pieces of flesh that scattered outwards. This person hadn't sent and ordinary clone, and the person before him hadn't either. Both of them had sent their magical bodies!

Magical bodies were of a higher level than clones. These were existences that were equivalent to Nascent Divinities among Immortals. Cultivators could entrust their lives to these bodies and refine them into beings that could help them preserve their lives.

That was why their levels of cultivation were equal to that of Di Tian's clones. However, now that Su Ming had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm and obtained the world of Berserkers' kismet, killing Di Tian's clones… was no longer a difficult task for him.

Su Ming waved his arm and took a step forward to appear on his statue's shoulder. As he stood there, he looked at the sky, and a wave of killing intent appeared in his eyes.

"Di Tian, since you arrived a long time ago, why don't you just show up?"

As Su Ming spoke, the two radiant Runes in the vortex that was the Berserkers' true sky let out rumbling sounds again. At that same time, a man with a black crown who was dressed in a black Emperor's robe slowly revealed his body below the Rune, to its right.

At the instant he appeared, a wave of power that even had corporeal form spread out from him, turning into thunderous booms that surged into the sky and traveled through the air in the process.

This was not a clone!

Su Ming looked at the black-robed Di Tian with a calm expression on his face. He could tell with just one glance that this Di Tian was clearly different from the three others he'd killed previously.

This person gave Su Ming a feeling that Di Tian had not obtained this body via Possession, but that it was truly born after gathering the power of the world. His features were also incredibly stark. There was not a hint of indistinctness that could be found on his face.

In fact, this was the second time Su Ming had this feeling. The first had been when he a man in black robes standing on a gigantic head in the black void while he himself was bound in chains after he left Dark Mountain to enter South Morning. The memory of it instantly rose in Su Ming's head.

The first time he had had this feeling was when he had first encountered Di Tian's clone. With his power at that time, he had been unable to find many clues that hinted at the fact of him being a different Di Tian than the one he saw in the void, which was why the feeling he had the first time could be dismissed.

From then onwards, he saw Di Tian's second and third clones. They might be strong, but they could not make that feeling appear within Su Ming, and he had never felt it again… up till now!

It could be said that with Su Ming's current level of cultivation, at the instant he saw the black-robed Di Tian, a large portion of the seal on his memories tore up, and he seemed to have remembered something, albeit only vaguely.

However, as vague as it might be, he had a clear feeling… this was definitely not the first time he saw this black-robed Di Tian. The person who had appeared in the void was this Di Tian!

Perhaps more accurately speaking, this was the only one who could truly be considered as Di Tian. All the ones that Su Ming had killed previously were clones that Di Tian had controlled after he gathered his will and placed it on those bodies!

"This is… the thirty-seventh time I sent my magical body to this place…" the black-robed Di Tian said calmly. His voice had an ancient quality to it, and it was greatly different from that of his clones. The awe-inspiring air was absent in his speech, but there was an air of supremacy that made it seem as if he was looking down on all manner of living, even as his eyes were focused on Su Ming.

Then he lifted his foot slowly and walked towards him.

"The previous thirty-six times I came here was because you broke your promise and failed to fulfill the pledge you swore all those years ago. You tried to fight against me… and in the end, I killed you thirty-six times.

"I never truly killed you, but only made you sink back into oblivion … This is the thirty-seventh time… and it will also be the last." Di Tian's emotionless voice seemed to be the law itself. As he closed in, the pain brought by the seal on the memories became stronger, and the cracks also increased in number.

"This time, there were more changes than ever before… It is also the only time you were able to destroy all my clones… However, in the end, you… will still fall!"

There were only several thousands of feet separating the black-robed Di Tian from Su Ming at that moment. A sharp pain that was enough to drive him mad appeared in Su Ming's head, and his memories… were gradually being restored.

At the instant Di Tian took another step forward, a bang resounded in Su Ming's head, and a large amount of pictures erupted swiftly in his mind, turning into a chaotic mess in his brain.

In the midst of all that chaos, he saw images… that belonged to a thousand years ago!

The boy a thousand years ago had been sucked into the void during the change in Dark Mountain, but he did not appear in South Morning. Instead, he had gone to a continent he had never been to before. That place was filled with wind and snow… and the people there were all strangers. The things there were all unfamiliar…

Several hundreds of years later, when he arrived at the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm, he found his memories and tried to turn against heaven. Di Tian appeared, and during that battle, he had been bound by an endless amount of chains. At that time he had lost miserably, and the person who defeated him was a man who stood on a gigantic head. He was... the black-robed Di Tian standing right before his eyes at this moment!

"This is the thirty-seventh time I descended, and just like the previous thirty-six times, if you will manage to destroy my magical body, from then onwards, I will no longer be able to descend to the land of Berserkers, and you will truly regain your freedom… I will even give you this plate…" In Su Ming's newly appeared memories, these were exactly the same words spoken by the black-robed Di Tian before they fought a thousand years ago.

"You truly disappoint me…" This was the end of Su Ming's memories a thousand years ago, and they came from the same person.

The black-robed Di Tian walked towards him slowly and asked flatly, "Do you remember now?"

Su Ming's eyes became even redder. He lifted his head and glared up at him with killing intent flashing in his eyes.

"Just like the previous thirty-six times, if you can kill my magical body, then you will truly be free from now onwards, and I… will give this plate to you."

As Di Tian spoke, he lifted his right hand, and a black plate flew out. There was a complete spine on that plate, and a ghastly presence surrounded it.

At the instant Su Ming saw this thing, a loud booming sound instantly resounded in his head. He'd seen this plate before!
