# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 680

"Among those thirty-six times, there were nineteen when you fell under my Abyss Sword. This time, I'd like to see how you will fare!"

When Di Tian moved forward, his presence was like one Su Ming had felt when he first saw him all those years ago. It was the presence of supremacy that was like mountains crushing his body, and as it charged towards Su Ming in an attempt to intimidate him, Di Tian lifted his right hand and seized the air in the direction of the sky.

A ray of dark light instantly appeared above and charged towards Di Tian's right hand before turning into a sword on his palm. This sword was Di Tian's Abyss Sword!

It was still the same, but the wielder of it before had been Di Tian's clone. Right then, the person who held it was Di Tian's black-robed magical body who had made Su Ming fall into oblivion time and again over a countless number of years!

This magical body was connected to Di Tian's own life, and his strength surpassed all his clones'. It was the strongest power he could muster in the land of Berserkers.

During the previous thirty-six times, Di Tian had used his magical body to perform the final judgment, and every single time he sent this magical body over, it would mean the end for Su Ming.

Only at this moment did his magical body descend from the land of Immortals, and it was telling enough that Di Tian had only now truly made his decision.

The most important reason behind his decision was because his magical body had descended to this place thirty-six times over the years, and the force of the laws within the land of Berserkers rejecting him had become incredibly powerful. Even if he did manage to descend, he could not stay for long, and so he had to end the battle as soon as possible.

The other reason was because Di Tian had sensed a strong danger after the thirty-sixth time he made Su Ming fall into oblivion and sealed his memories. This sense had not come from Su Ming himself, but a pair of invisible eyes in the land of Berserkers.

This pair of eyes always seemed to be staring at him, causing him to only send his clones to the land over the past thousand years and not dare risk sending his magical body again, as it was connected to his life. If it was not because he had to destroy Su Ming, he would not have sent his magical body to the land of Berserkers.

Di Tian was also too worried to send someone else to handle this matter, and since all his clones were destroyed, he could only… send his magical body!

Once the Abyss Sword appeared, the boundless vortex in the sky suddenly increased the speed of its rotation for an instant, and a wisp of Yin Death Aura was dragged down by the sword to the land. It turned into a ball of black fog that surrounded the Abyss Sword, and that black fog seemed to have turned into several faces of malicious ghosts once they surrounded the blade, and all of them were roaring at Su Ming.

"The first Abyss Sword is to extol the heavens!"

"The second Abyss Sword is to rise the land!"

"The third Abyss Sword is to execute people!"

The black-robed Di Tian swung the Abyss Sword in his hand, and it immediately split into three, resulting in three swords now flying around Di Tian. As they danced about, more Yin Death Aura surged forth from the vortex in the sky.

"The fourth Abyss Sword is to send off souls!"

"The fifth Abyss Sword is to mourn the body!"

"The sixth Abyss Sword is to destroy the spirits!"

A glint appeared in the black-robed Di Tian's eyes. The three Abyss Swords swayed once more before they turned into six swords that formed a sword Rune. They charged towards Su Ming with a sharp whistle, and the Yin Death Aura that they stirred up turned into thick black fog that tumbled about and formed a gigantic face of a malicious ghost in the sky. As it howled, it charged swiftly towards Su Ming.

A powerful sense of danger instantly rose in Su Ming's heart. That sense of danger came from his soul and from a spot in his memories that even he did not notice previously. It was as if his sealed memories remembered that there were a dozen more times when his body and soul had been destroyed under this particular style and he had sunk into oblivion because of it, just like Di Tian had said.

"If what you said is true, then this is the thirty-seventh time. I don't know why I would lose to this Abyss Sword the previous dozen something times, but now…"

Su Ming did not finish speaking. As he left his sentence hanging, not only did he not retreat, but he even took a step forward. At the instant his foot landed, his body disappeared in a flash. When he reappeared, he was already right before those six Abyss Swords.

At the instant he threw his punch forward—

"The seventh Abyss Sword is to bid farewell to life!"

"The eighth Abyss Sword is to bury the void!"

"The ninth Abyss Sword… is to destroy!"

The black-robed Di Tian swung his arm, and shadows instantly overlapped the six Abyss Swords around him. Once another three other swords were added to their number, they turned into nine Abyss Swords that clashed with Su Ming, and booming sounds reverberated in the air, surging into the sky.

Su Ming's fist stopped for a moment. When the nine Abyss Swords cracked inch by inch and fell backwards, they turned into fragmented pieces, but they did not disappear. Instead, once they fused with the fog, they turned into an eerie gigantic mouth of a malicious spirit that looked as if it had corporeal form, and it charged towards Su Ming to devour him.

This power could devour all those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, so even those who had incredibly great cultivation bases would find it difficult to escape it. This backlash from the power of Yin Death came from Di Tian's ultimate divine abilities, and it was an attack that could kill Su Ming a dozen something times in the past.

Di Tian's magical body did not bother to hold back even a single bit right from the start of the battle. His attacks were all filled with killing intent.

However, while this divine ability could destroy Su Ming a dozen something times in the past, it could not deal even a little damage to Su Ming on this day. Di Tian had made a miscalculation, and this mistake would cause him to pay an unbearable price.

In his memories, this was Su Ming's thirty-seventh awakening. To him, Su Ming's might came from the final burst in his cultivation base every single time after he awakened, and with each time, his cultivation base would be much stronger than before. Yet even so, he believed that he could control this Destiny who had awakened for the thirty-seventh time.

However, he did not know that this was not the thirty-seventh time Su Ming had awakened. He had awakened… a countless number of times!

Each destruction of his soul in the Candle Dragon's Undying and Imperishable World was like a real death. This resulted in not only the strength of Su Ming's will increasing by leaps and bounds, but he also obtained… innumerable awakenings the precise number of which even he himself did not know!

With each awakening, his potential would increase a little. This unforeseen circumstance of him awakening an endless amount of times in the Candle Dragon's Undying and Imperishable World now caused a miscalculation in Di Tian's plans, and had also molded Su Ming to become greater!

Almost at the instant the big mouth formed from the Yin Death Fog closed in on Su Ming, his expression twisted. He lifted his head swiftly and let out a low roar towards that mouth.

"Yin Death Aura is the aura within my body! How dare you try to devour me!" Su Ming's roar reverberated in all directions. Veins popped up on his face, and as his roar echoed in the air, the gigantic vortex in the sky rumbled as well.

The big mouth that closed in on Su Ming shuddered, and fear as well as hesitation appeared on the malicious spirit's face. Then, as Su Ming roared, it changed its direction, turned its head, and charged towards the black-robed Di Tian.

Powerful killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes. With a single move, he rushed towards Di Tian like a shooting star. It did not matter whether this was his clone or his magical body, the entire world of Berserkers was filled with Su Ming's murderous aura, and whoever it was that he wanted to kill had to die!

"Di Tian, you're going to die!"

Su Ming's eyes were bloodshot. The seal in his head continued breaking, and his memories raged in his mind like a storm.

Almost at the instant Su Ming charged towards Di Tian, nearly ten thousand long arcs that looked as if they had blotted out the sky and covered the earth rushed over from the horizon. The person in the lead… was All Entities Clan's Grand Clan Elder, Tian Qi, a Berserker who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm!

Excitement was rife in his eyes. The Berserkers behind him were all burning with passion, and their roars traveled forward with a loud echo.

At that instant, there were also nearly ten thousand long arcs charging forward from another direction. The person in their lead was an old man that was as thin as a skeleton. That old man was Xue Sha, the Elder of the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds!
