# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 681

It did not matter whether it was the tribe members for the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds or the disciples of All Entities Clan. At that moment these people, who numbered to nearly twenty thousand, saw a shocking sight at the same time from two directions. They saw the gigantic statue of the God of Berserkers in midair, and at the instant their gazes fell on it, all of them felt their blood boiling with a bang.

That statue of the God of Berserkers gave Immortals pressure, but to the Berserkers, it brought them a wave of excitement and madness that could not be described with words. It was as if their full potential would explode forth if they were beside that statue, and their combat abilities would also increase by a large margin compared to before.

Aside from the statue causing these Berserkers to feel their blood boiling, the tens of thousands of Immortals on the land also caused the people from the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds and All Entities Clan to have their pupils shrink.

The Immortals on the ground also saw the Berserkers coming en masse as well. All of them were silent, but they no longer had the arrogance and suppressive air they put on when they met in the past, because there was a terrifying person here who had slaughtered an innumerable amount of their own and even destroyed Di Tian's clones, and they had witnessed the entire process of this happening!

The Great Tribe of Surging Clouds and All Entities Clan caused a slight change to happen to the battlefield. However, before the two forces of Berserkers could understand what was going on, they saw the gigantic statue of the God of Berserkers and the Runes rotating and rumbling in the sky!

As those Runes rotated, powerful light spread out from within them, and it was clear that a new batch of Immortals were about to descend.

Aside from these, there was also something else that caused the Great Tribe of Surging Cloud's Xue Sha and All Entities Clan's Tian Xi's gazes to gather in the same spot.

It was the sight of Su Ming's eldest senior brother fighting against Ji An in the sky, with loud, booming sounds echoing around. Eldest senior brother held a battle axe in his hand, and in his other hand was a huge shield that had been formed by the near hundred Shaman Souls at some point in time. He was engaged in a battle to the death with Ji An, and Ji An's expression was dark while retreating continuously. He had already executed a large variety of attacks, but none of them could suppress the fierce will that propelled his opponent to press forward courageously!

Black fog churned at the spot where these two people fought, and there seemed to be an endless amount of ferocious fiends from the world beyond roaring about. However, none of them seemed to have the courage to get closer to Su Ming's eldest senior brother. Booming sounds continued spreading outwards, and their battlefield took up half of the sky.

There was a long arc that was charging towards the person with the crown and the black robe. The face of that person in the long arc could not be seen clearly; he was only a blurry shadow. Almost at the moment these Berserkers arrived and saw the battle in the region, a loud boom that shook the sky and earth traveled swiftly in all directions from the spot where there was a person fighting against the black-robed man who looked like an Emperor.

"It doesn't matter whether it's thirty-six or thirty-seven times, neither does it matter whether these memories are real or fake… none of them matter to me!" Su Ming's voice echoed in the air in the midst of the rumbling. He staggered nearly a thousand feet backwards, and when he stopped, he lifted his head. There was blood trickling down the corners of his mouth.

This blood was not due to him being injured by Di Tian. It had instead been caused by Su Ming biting the tip of his tongue to force his mind to clear up in the midst of the chaos that had been brought about by his memories erupting to the front of his mind.

"It was incredibly difficult to break this seal previously, but when you arrived, some of my memories were automatically released when the seal cracked. Di Tian… this is too fake. It doesn't matter to me whether what you said is true, as long as I kill you, none of this is important anymore!" Su Ming's eyes turned crimson, and he swiftly took a step once again towards Di Tian.

When he lifted his right hand, the statue of the God of Berserkers in the sky let out a roar and lifted its right hand as well before it hurled its fist forward. But it did not throw its punch towards Di Tian, it had instead directed its fist towards… Su Ming!

It was also at this moment that the people from the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds and All Entities Clan gathered their gazes on Su Ming from two different directions, even if they were still tens of thousands of feet away from the battlefield.

They… saw Su Ming's face clearly, and also saw the exact same face on the statue of the God of Berserkers. At the instant their gazes gathered on Su Ming's body, an impulse rose within them, and that impulse made their blood start erupting out of their control.

It was boiling violently in all Berserkers now. They did not know who was the first to cry out, but quickly more roars joined in, and the sound of them all instantly rose and fell in the air until there was only one voice left in the sky in the end!

"Greetings, God of Berserkers!"

"Greetings, God of Berserkers!"

"Greetings, God of Berserkers!"

That voice shook the sky and earth, born from twenty thousand people shouting at the same time. This was the booming sound coming from the blood of twenty thousand people. This was the roar of the Berserkers after they traveled several tens of thousands of lis to this place!

Almost at the moment that voice reverberated in the world and shook the entire area, the right fist of the statue crashed into the charging Su Ming.

The ten thousand foot tall statue of the God of Berserkers lifted its head and let out a violent roar, as if it was responding to the Berserkers' roars.

In the midst of that roar, Su Ming's body swiftly fused into his statue. At the instant he disappeared, a powerful light that had never appeared in the statue's eyes suddenly begun shining. That light was killing intent and intelligence. At the instant it appeared, it was as if the statue of the God of Berserkers became Su Ming himself!

Fusing with the statue of the God of Berserkers was a racial divine ability that could only be executed by those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm. Before they attained this level of power, a strong Berserker in the Berserker Soul Realm could place their statue of the God of Berserkers in their body, but once they attained great completion, they could reverse the process and fuse themselves into their statue. Then, from there… they could bring out the Berserkers' powerful might!

The black-robed Di Tian's pupils shrank slightly. He let out a cold harrumph towards Su Ming's declaration that he did not care whether his words of killing him thirty-six were true. Di Tian did not bother to continue speaking. Killing intent instead shone briefly in his eyes, and he lifted his right hand swiftly, swinging it at the sky. During that instant, he opened his mouth and spat out a golden stone.

This stone was not big. It was only the breadth of a finger and half a finger long. However, once it appeared, the stone abruptly exploded, and the area around its edges began squirming. In the span of a breath, it grew to the size of a fist, and in the next instant it grew as large as a skull!

Once that stone appeared, a wave of power that belonged to Bright Yang abruptly spread out, causing the world around it to look as if it was being torn apart. Ripples spread out from around it, as if space itself could not withstand the stone's existence!

This was a Bright Yang Stone!

In fact, it was a Bright Yang Stone that was refined by Di Tian. The light it spread out could destroy all souls of Yin Death.

"You are, in the end, something from Yin Death. This Bright Yang Stone will be the item that will bring you your death. Under the radiance of Bright Yang, I'd like to see how you will manage to not be destroyed!" The black-robed Di Tian lifted his right hand and seized that stone before he squeezed it. The stone cracked and exploded.

When that happened, it looked as if a sun had broken down. Powerful rays of golden light spread out through the area with a bang, but it only spread out to a thousand feet before gathered together and charging towards Su Ming.

It caused the entire area around Su Ming, who had transformed into his statue of the God of Berserkers, to instantly turn gold. Moments later, a large amount of black fog spread out from inside it.

The face on Su Ming's statue began to swiftly and violently wither away. This feeling was much stronger than the first time Su Ming had walked out of Yin Death Region.

Su Ming let out a muffled roar, but he did not retreat. Instead, he took a step towards that golden light. He lifted his right arm, and with his palm facing upward while the back of his hand was turned downwards, he swung them towards the Bright Yang Light around him.

"What scatters away is the past, and what remains is the future, but the moment now… is Destiny!" Su Ming stated, his voice echoing in the air.

When he swung his arm, the Bright Yang Light that had caused him to feel death instantly fell back and moved away from his body, as if time had started flowing back. At that moment, he statue that was Su Ming's body was no longer enveloped by Bright Yang Light.

However, this was the divine ability Di Tian's magical body had used specifically to curb Su Ming. Even with Destiny's time reversal, Su Ming could only make that light retreat for an instant. Immediately after, Bright Yang Light gathered on Su Ming's body once again.

However, in that instant when there was none of it covering him, a large amount of black fog had spread out from Su Ming's body, and he looked as if he had grown endlessly older. His statue lifted its left hand at that moment and seized the Yin Death that filled the sky above the world of Berserkers.

"Verdant Abyssal Seal!" Su Ming let out a roar towards the sky, and as he shouted, seven green shadows immediately appeared around him. They were Su Ming's Seven Abyssal Yin Death Seal!

Bright Yang could curb Yin Death… but if he flipped it over, Yin Death could also curb Bright Yang!

Bright Yang Light came towards him once again. At the instant it covered Su Ming's body, the seven green figures around Su Ming gathered together to kneel and bow towards him.

At the instant they bowed down, the vortex in the sky let out a violent roar, and a large amount of black smoke descended swiftly, but it was not aiming to attack anyone. It was instead charging towards Su Ming.

Su Ming had placed the Verdant Abyssal Seal on his own body. By doing so, at the instant Bright Yang Light was about to reach him, the black fog that was Yin Death came rushing towards him with a loud rumbling.

A ceaseless noise that shook the sky and earth erupted. It shook the world so much that the sky changed and the earth looked as if it was about to start tumbling about. When that sound gradually dissipated, Su Ming's statue still remained standing in the sky.

He looked old, and an incredibly weakened air spread out from his body, but as killing intent flashed in Su Ming's eyes, he immediately started recovering from his weakened stated, because those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm could absorb the power of the world and use it for their own!

It was especially so when Su Ming had fused together with his statue of the God of Berserkers. The speed at which he absorbed the power of the world made it seem as if he was devouring it.

Bright Yang Light that had been around him was already gone without a trace. The only person remaining before him was Di Tian, who was standing thousands of feet away with an incredibly dark expression.

"Nine Abyss Sword could not kill you, and neither could Bright Yang Light destroy you… Then, I'd like to see how you will handle… Punishment!"

Di Tian's lips lifted in a cold sneer, and he raised his right hand and pointed swiftly towards the sky after he formed a seal!
