# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 682

When Di Tian pointed upward, he also bit the tip of his tongue and coughed up a mouthful of golden blood.

At the instant this blood appeared, it immediately turned into drops of golden pellets that charged towards the vortex in the sky as he swung his right arm.

"With mine will, I activate the Immortals' Vessel and have it descend to Yin Death Void to execute Destiny's Heavenly Punishment!" Di Tian's voice reverberated in the area at that moment. There was a supreme might in that voice, causing all the people who heard it to feel their hearts tremble.

It was especially so since the divine ability Di Tian cast this time was definitely nothing ordinary. This was an Art that could only be executed by having him give up a mouthful of his magical body's blood as a price, and it would definitely not be on the same level as what his clones could execute.

Ever since Di Tian's magical body appeared, he had not once executed a weak Art. It did not matter whether it was his Abyss Sword or this Destiny's Punishment, all of them were killing moves!

Almost at the moment his blood turned into long arcs and charged towards the vortex that covered the entire Berserkers' sky, the vortex froze because of it, as if the rotations within it had stilled.

In the boundless galaxy beyond the vortex in the Berserkers' sky were nine cultivation planets that kept vigilance on Yin Death Region. When the vortex stopped moving, brilliant light erupted from the galaxy, and as the light grew to a piercing degree, a strong ray swiftly erupted with a bang from one of the cultivation planets and shot straight into that layer of Yin Death Fog. This forced the fog to spread out, allowing a little of that strong ray of light to seep through and charge towards the land of Berserkers.

But it was not just one!

There were nine of them!

Eight other strong rays of light came from the other cultivation planets as well. With a loud whistle in the air, they burst into the galaxy, causing the Yin Death Vortex to roar and a thick layer of fog to start spreading outwards madly. Then… a pit appeared in the center of the fog!

Anyone in the world of Berserkers who lifted their heads and looked at the sky at that moment would be able to clearly see the center of the vortex in the sky. Once the fog stilled and started tumbling about with those booming sounds while looking as if it was boiling, the fog started dispersing at the edges, and as it scattered away, it revealed...

A gigantic pit at the center!

And for the first time in their lives, the Berserkers… saw the true galaxy!

Yet the instant the galaxy appeared, it was immediately replaced by nine powerful rays of light that were piercing to the eyes. They sliced through the sky with loud whistling sounds and shot through Yin Death Fog to descend on the land. Their appearance immediately turned them into the most powerful light in the world of Berserkers.

The nine punishments appeared at the same time, and they were all coming to destroy Destiny!

In fact, this would not just affect Destiny. The might of these nine powerful rays of light could destroy the entire Eastern Wastelands. This… was the powerful killing move that Di Tian had prepared to destroy Su Ming!

"You're mad!" Ji An let out a furious roar as he fought against Su Ming's eldest senior brother in the black fog.

In the midst of shock, the Immortals on the ground spread out and started fleeing in all directions. Before the nine powerful rays of light closed in, the land begun to feel like a sea of fire, and a wave of heat washed over everyone present!

The two Berserker forces in the sky were stunned, their gazes fixed on the sky. They watched the powerful light coming towards them, because… they had nowhere to run!

"Destiny, I refuse to believe that you will be able to fight back against this punishment! Besides…" A ferocious look appeared on the black-robed Di Tian's face. He bit the tip of his tongue once again and coughed up another mouthful of his magical body's blood. That blood charged towards the sky with a loud whistle.

At the same time, powerful light spread out from the nine cultivation planets beyond Yin Death Fog once again, and another nine rays of powerful light shook the planets, then burst forth with a bang.

"I'd like to see… how you'll fight against this!" The black-robed Di Tian let out a low growl. A malicious and cruel look appeared in his eyes as he looked towards Su Ming, who had fused with his statue of the God of Berserkers in midair.

Forget what sort of price Di Tian would have to pay to activate these eighteen powerful rays of punishment. If they descended on Eastern Wastelands, then it would bring this continent a disaster that was equivalent to the amount of damage that was brought forth when the it had rammed itself into South Morning.

The Immortals' might was shown clearly with this priceless treasure that could deal out a punishment strong enough to destroy the world of Berserkers. Perhaps this peerless treasure was the greatest reason for caution and would also bring about the greatest amount of damage to the Berserkers!

"I can spare you, as long as you lower your head before me and fall once again. I can give you… one final chance!" The black-robed Di Tian stood in midair and looked at Su Ming coldly.

At that moment, he had a real upper hand in this battle. Now that the true Punishment had appeared, Su Ming would not be the only one who died. The endless amount of Berserkers in Eastern Wastelands would die alongside him.

Su Ming looked at the sky. He saw the nine powerful rays of light charging towards him with loud whistles and also saw the second batch that had appeared right behind them.

This was not the first time he saw Di Tian executing this attack, but clearly, what he saw last time could not compare to what he was seeing right then. This… was the true Punishment!

'Is everything… about to end..?' Bitterness rose in Su Ming's heart. Even if he attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, in the face of the priceless treasure that could destroy the entire world of Berserkers… he was still unable to fight.

At that moment, his vow to kill Di Tian seemed to have turned into a massive joke, a spoof, a fact telling him that he could not hope to fulfill his vow.

And this was not even the real Di Tian. This was just his magical body.

'But I don't want to accept this!'

Madness appeared in Su Ming's eyes, and a crimson red light shone in them. It was formed by blood capillaries filling his eyes and determination that appeared in the statue's gaze when he fused with it.

"I refuse to accept this! How can I lower my head to you?!" Su Ming let out a hoarse roar. It was a voice filled with madness, a cry screaming that he was not bothered by death.

"I can die, but even if I die, I will remain standing! I will hold my head high as I die! Who are you, Di Tian?! You are not worth me lowering my head!

"My power may not match up to yours, but my backbone… is made of madness that not even the universe can bend!" As Su Ming roared, he swiftly charged out and lifted his left hand to strike the first powerful ray of light that came from the sky.

He was full of an indomitable determination, a shocking will and resolution. It was a madness screaming that he would rather die than lower his head!

He hurled his fist forward, and at the instant his hand clashed against the first ray of light, loud booming sounds reverberated in the air, and the left hand of Su Ming's statue exploded with a bang. It turned into shards that fell backwards before turning into powder that scattered in all directions.

As violent ripples swiftly spread through the are, Su Ming's laughter reverberated in the air.

"I lived in an illusion, I was lost, I could not find my home, I did not have a home… but why does it matter?!" Su Ming lifted his right hand and hurled his fist towards the second ray of light as he charged towards the sky.

A roar reverberated in the air once again, shaking the world so much that the weather changed. Su Ming's right arm… was ripped into pieces and completely shattered.

"Why does it matter?! Between the threat of death and a spine that would never bend, I will choose… the latter!" Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers had lost both its arms, but his body still continued charging forward. With a spin, he lifted his right leg and kicked the third incoming ray of light.

It became darker, and the right leg of the statue was completely shattered!

This scenes even shocked the black-robed Di Tian. The horrifying charge made him feel as if he had just gotten to know Su Ming for the first time ever.

Ji An and Xing Gan were no longer fighting. The horrifying booms were enough to shock all the people's hearts. The tens of thousands of Immortals on the ground were shocked to silence as Su Ming went through the horrifying and devastating blows.

During that instant, some among the two Berserker forces wept.

A loud bang shot into the sky, but it could not cover Su Ming's laughter. He lifted his left leg and kicked forward, making his leg clash against the fourth ray of light. Once it was destroyed and disappeared, Su Ming, who had lost all his limbs, used his body to fight against the fifth ray of light.

With each bang, all those who bore witness would fall into a deeper state of silence. At the moment the torso of Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers shattered and he only had a head left in the sky, the sixth ray of light charged towards him.

Su Ming laughed long and hard, then rammed his statue's head against the sixth ray of light. Booming sounds swept through the world. At the instant the statue's head shattered, Su Ming's real body appeared in the sky. He coughed up a mouthful of blood and his body plunged down towards the ground.

The seventh, eighth, ninth… and up to the eighteenth ray of light were all charging towards him.

"I can still continue!"

Su Ming gritted his teeth. Without his statue of the God of Berserkers, he would immediately disappear into the wind under this light. Right at the instant the final burst of power erupted from Su Ming's body and he was about to force himself to charge towards the seventh ray of light… a tall, headless body appeared right in front of him.

"Youngest junior brother, I'll die together with you!" a muffled voice said, and tears fell from Su Ming's eyes. He laughed loudly.

"Damn it, if I knew about this beforehand, I wouldn't have come here… but since I'm already here… I, Xue Sha, from the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds, will die together with the God of Berserkers!" The thin old man from the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds let out a sigh at that moment, and his speed increased exponentially as he charged towards Su Ming.

"We of the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds will die together with the God of Berserkers!" The near ten thousand members of the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds behind the old man did not retreat. All of them roared and charged forward.

"I, Tian Qi, from All Entities Clan, hereby greet the God of Berserkers, and am willing to die together with the God of Berserkers!" All Entities Clan's Tian Qi was the first person to have chosen to come and pay his respects to Su Ming. At that moment, there was a slight complicated look on his face, but there was no hesitation within him as he said these words. With one move, he charged towards Su Ming.

Right behind him, the members of the twelve tribes that formed All Entities Clan roared together and charged forward with loud whistling sounds.

"We are willing to die with the God of Berserkers!"

The voices from these twenty thousand people shocked all the Immortals' hearts at that moment!

These voices created a huge wave of emotion in Su Ming's heart… He had never experienced this kind of feeling before. The indescribable warmth that was formed from what he was seeing now spread, for the first time, through his heart.
