# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 683

A race should have a soul!

A race without a soul was bound to die out!

The Berserkers' soul had gradually faded away and died as the first God of Berserkers left, as the second God of Berserkers was torn apart, and the third God of Berserkers disappeared.

The only thing left behind was bewilderment and a sickly illusion. The Berserkers lived in the glory that existed in ancient scrolls and refused to wake up. Perhaps more accurately speaking… they could not accept the state of decline their race was currently going through.

The Berserkers were indeed no longer the race that had the worship of all worlds under the first God of Berserkers' rule… It was like an old man who had one foot in his grave and was walking down the final stretch of his life.

The separation of the continents, the inability to continue their culture, the inner strife caused by the Shamans' betrayal, and the permeation brought by the numerous Immortals who descended over the years had caused the Berserkers to fall apart, leaving behind only an empty shell.

Even their level of cultivation was eternally stuck at the Berserker Soul Realm and they could not enter the next Realm. As time passed by, this race began to gradually be unable to catch up to their history, and they were slowly… abandoned by time.

Would such a race still have a soul? No, it no longer possessed one, because it had already died!

Its past glory only remained in the moaning notes of a xun. Its past prosperity had also been destroyed and turned into emptiness. It was a skeleton burning in flames, and it was destined to only be a comforting dream. It could let her people's blood burn, but it would be difficult for it to set fire to its people's souls!

The Immortals' Nine Planetary Punishment was the guillotine hanging over the necks of the people in this world!

Perhaps this guillotine should have fallen a long time ago… but no matter what, this was the land of Berserkers that had been worshipped by worlds in the past, and a person who had made all Immortals bow their heads to him and made Sacred Morning Dao World tremble before him had been born in this world.

Lie Shan Xiu!

This was his hometown… and even though he had gone missing a long time ago, he… might perhaps not be dead! Perhaps he would come back one of these days.

Even if he did not return, he had left behind priceless treasures in the world of Berserkers to protect his people, and had also left behind… the Berserkers' law, which was much stronger than all his various priceless treasures!

This law was also Yin Death Region's law. Under this law, all those who descended to the world would find their power weakened without bounds. If it was not for this law, then the Berserkers… might have disappeared in time a long time ago.

However, these were all just external forces. If a race was void of a soul, then it was still walking only towards extinction.

What is a soul? Su Ming had no knowledge about it, but the roars echoing in his ears and the warmth as well as the powerful emotion he felt in his heart allowed him to understand something.

Perhaps these roars, these declarations to die together, and the state of their blood being set on fire had allowed… a shred of the Berserkers' soul to bloom!

They were afraid of death, but they quelled their terror and faced death bravely without turning back. If the people's soul had already disappeared, if the race itself had already been cast aside by time, then… if he could not make his people rise once more, he would… die with his race!

The declarations of dying with the God of Berserkers might not have even been aimed at Su Ming… but toward all the Berserkers!

They would die with the Berserkers!

The roars from these twenty thousand people, their shouts that shook the sky and earth turned into the strongest howls in the world at that moment. Madness could be heard in their voices, and it was an outburst that was born after being oppressed for an innumerable amount of years. Under this outburst… why should death even matter to them?!

Under this outburst and under this will to rather die with the Berserkers, the emotion Su Ming felt in his heart made a warmth bloom in his body. It was one that he had never experienced before, and it had nothing to do with any sort of love. This was… the shoots of the newly born Berserkers' soul!

This soul was no longer the Berserkers' soul of the past. It was a soul born from the unwillingness to accept fate even in the midst of destruction, a madness born from being empty… and a determination to die in glory rather than live in dishonor!

This soul had no form. It could not be seen, could not be touched, but during that instant, the tens of thousands of Immortals on the ground could strongly sense a will from the twenty thousand people in the sky that seemed as if they could rise from ashes and crush everything!

Ji An's face turned pale. He took a few staggering steps backwards. At the level of cultivation he was, he could see the hints of what was going on with just a glance. As he watched the twenty thousand Berserkers roar and saw their wills erupting with loud booms, his expression changed rapidly.

'The Berserkers' soul…'

The black-robed Di Tian's expression changed immediately. He had also not expected that the Nine Planetary Punishment he executed would cause these twenty thousand Berserkers to show signs of forming a soul.

This sign was a form of belief and a worship. It was also a form of determination. Once this sort of resolution appeared within a race, then it would become incredibly terrifying in the future. It was a racial soul that no form of power could destroy.

Unless… all the descendants of that race were killed off, and none remained!

'These twenty thousand people are seeds. If they don't die in this disaster, once they spread out, they will spread the seeds of this Berserkers' soul throughout the entire world of Berserkers, and they will affect all those with Berserker blood. At that time… the Berserkers will be like a race that opened its eyes, having woken up after sleeping for tens of thousands of years!

'I absolutely can not let this happen. These people… must all die!'

A glint appeared in Di Tian's eyes, and he bit the tip of his tongue to cough up another mouthful of blood before he lifted his right hand and swung it at the air. The golden drops of blood charged towards the vortex in the sky, and as it rumbled, piercing light erupted once more from the nine cultivation planets that kept watch over Yin Death Region beyond Yin Death Fog, and another nine powerful rays of light descended with loud booming sounds.

Yet at the moment these nine rays of light shot through Yin Death Fog and were just about to charge into the world of Berserkers, a moaning note of a xun suddenly rang through the world of Berserkers, coming from Yin Death Fog in the vortex!

The notes of that xun begun ringing incredibly abruptly, and they sounded like the weeping of the Berserkers. The notes of that song reverberated in the air, and it caused the nine powerful rays of light to freeze at the instant they descended. At that instant, the entire universe and the world that was within Yin Death Region looked as if they had stopped moving.

The second batch of light also stopped moving, and so did the seventh ray of Punishment which was located right above Su Ming and which Xing Gan as well as a large number of Berserkers wanted to block!

Everything seemed to have instantly come to a halt. The only thing that existed was the moaning song of the xun. It echoed in the world, and at the instant the notes from the song fell into Su Ming's ears, he lifted his head slowly and looked towards the sky.

He was familiar with this song. He had heard it several times before, and the last time he heard it was before his battle against Di Tian's clone. The previous time before the last… was when he was looking at an old man, and he had played this song before Su Ming.

The old man's face appeared in Su Ming's head, but suddenly, he found that he could not remember how the old man looked. His breathing quickened, and to his shock, he noticed a fact that he had never realized before!

The old man's face… seemed to be different every single time Su Ming saw him. The only thing that remained clear in Su Ming's face was his actions, which looked like those of a blind man.

It was blatantly obvious that this old man had a different appearance every single time Su Ming ran into him, but only at this moment did Su Ming notice it. This was an incredibly strange matter, and it allowed him to understand a lot of things.

"A soul has finally appeared among us Berserkers. How can I just let you destroy it?!" An ancient voice that seemed to have lived through an endless amount of time came from the fog in the vortex. Once it started speaking, the moaning notes of the xun started echoing in the air even more animatedly.

The black-robed Di Tian's pupils shrank swiftly. This was the first time he had heard this voice, but it was not the first time he sensed the presence that now came from the vortex!!

It was this presence that had made him not dare to send his magical body to the land for years. It was also this presence that had given him that faint sense of danger!

"Who are you?!" Di Tian took a step forward. When he lifted his right hand, his fingers shattered and turned into five blood arrows that charged into Yin Death Vortex.

These five blood arrows immediately turned into five blood dragons that fused together as they roared ferociously, transforming into a five-headed beast of blood that charged into the vortex. A booming sound surged into the sky.

In the midst of that noise, Yin Death Vortex looked as if it had crumbled and started spreading outwards swiftly. At the instant it spread out… a person in white was revealed within!

That person was an old man with dull eyes. His face was different in everyone's eyes, and in fact, his face would also change every single time anyone looking at him blinked.

However… there were very few who noticed this. It was as if their minds had automatically ignored the fact that his face was constantly changing.

At the instant Su Ming saw the old man, he recognized him. This was the old xun maker!

However, this time, once he saw the old man's face clearly, he found his heart trembling violently. The amount of shock he felt was something he had never experienced before. Even when he learned that the world of Berserkers was really Yin Death World, the amount of shock he felt could not hope to compare to what he was feeling now.

He felt as if there thousands of lightning bolts crackling in his head, and all of them were roaring at the same time. His mind instantly turned chaotic and his body shuddered violently. He was stunned, unable to think, and the only thing remaining before his eyes was the old man's face.

He did not dare blink. He was afraid that if he blinked, the old man's face would change once again, and the face that was making him tremble would go away.

That face was the one that had left the deepest mark in his memories. That smile was the most difficult thing for him to forget in his life. All of these things caused Su Ming's soul to become empty, clear of all confusion.

"Elder…" Su Ming mumbled, and right after he mumbled these words, he let out a shocking cry. "Elder!"

The old man's face before Su Ming's eyes at that moment… was the one that belonged to Dark Mountain Tribe's Elder. He was Mo Sang, Su Ming's… elder!
