# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 684

Humans would usually describe time passing as something that happened in the blink of an eye. They would usually say something akin to "Many years have passed by in the blink of an eye." This was a metaphor, because time was short, resulting in most people finding that it was already too late by the time they wanted to treasure it.

This was an expression of regret after time passed. It was a thought that would appear after something had happened, and they would find themselves reminiscing over the time they had not cherished.

But for Su Ming, it was the opposite!

He did not dare blink, because he knew that if he blinked even once, he would no longer be able to see the same face. One blink, and time would pass. The reluctance to part before the eventual parting made Su Ming feel tears well up in his eyes as he stared at the affectionate smile and familiar wrinkles in the sky.

"You… suffered…" the old man said in a hoarse voice. Su Ming trembled, but he could not say even a single word.

"You're Mo Sang… No, you're not Mo Sang…" The black- robed Di Tian stared at the old man in the sky and uttered these two conflicting sentences. Almost at the moment he finished speaking, a glint appeared in his eyes. He swiftly lifted his right hand. His previously destroyed fingers had recovered, and Di Tian seized the air in the direction towards the sky.

"I understand now… but you're just a Yin Death Soul. Even if you've mastered the power of Yin Death and became an undying and imperishable existence… You can only do so here!" The black-robed Di Tian's words were a little jerky and difficult to understand. Once they were voiced and he lifted his right hand, a ball of fire started burning the black-robed Di Tian's body.

He was… burning his magical body!

The act of the black-robed Di Tian burning his magical body was telling enough that he was incredibly wary of the old man who had walked out of Yin Death Fog. He almost instantly let out a low roar that reverberated through the area.

"I won't be able to kill you here, but I can seal you… Immortals' planets, send Yin Death downwards!" As Di Tian seized the air, a string of complicated and difficult incantations tumbled out of his mouth. At the same time, the flames burning his body became even stronger, and his legs disappeared straight away.

As they vanished, a boom immediately surged into the sky from the vortex. Muffled, it traveled through the air. Then, four out of the nine cultivation planets in the Immortals' galaxy that keep watch over the world of Berserkers beyond the vortex changed their trajectory!

A powerful white light erupted from the four gigantic cultivation planets. Once they changed their trajectory… they swiftly charged towards Yin Death Vortex!!

This was Di Tian assimilating with the power from the cultivation planets by burning his magical body. With the descent of the cultivation planets, the power needed to suppress the old xun maker erupted forward.

With a loud rumble, one of the four cultivation planets sank its body sink into Yin Death Fog. All those who were watching could clearly see that it was sinking rapidly. Within an instant, it disappeared without a trace, just like a gigantic stone that had sank into the depths of a river.

The other three cultivation plants sank into the fog one after another, right behind that first planet as loud banging sounds rang in the galaxy.

At the same time, all those within the land of Berserkers lifted their heads and looked upwards. The fog in the sky was churning so violently that it had already surpassed the level of activity it had when the powerful rays of light shot through earlier. At that moment, the fog in the sky was roaring like a raging sea. At the instant that happened, a gigantic cultivation planet appeared within the fog in the sky.

The fog started spreading madly in all directions. The cultivation planet that was so big it would be difficult to describe its size with words replaced the whole sky. A curved edge appeared, and all those in the world of Berserkers could see the mountains and seas on it, as well as the shocking pressure that was coming from it.

That was… a planet descending into the world of Berserkers!

No matter where any person was, as long as they were in the land of Berserkers, they would be able to see the cultivation planet that had revealed a small arc of itself in the sky!!=

Eastern Wastelands trembled. The Dead Sea roared. The entire land of Berserkers started showing signs of collapse as this cultivation planet descended. During that instant, booming sounds that reverberated through the entire world of Berserkers traveled into the air, and right before everyone's eyes… there appeared other arching edges that belonged to three other cultivation planets!

There were four cultivation planets in total, and they had completely occupied the sky, shocking everyone who saw them.

If these four cultivation planets exploded at that moment, then the entire world of Berserkers… would no longer exist. The Dead Sea would completely dry up, and Yin Death Region might even end up turning into a gigantic pit.

"I'd like to see you stopping me from killing the person I want to kill and destroying the soul I want evaporated!" There was only a small portion of Di Tian's body that remained as he continued burning it. He laughed madly and lifted his arms to swing at the four cultivation planets that were now occupying most of the Berserkers' sky.

The four cultivation planets that had revealed their edges let out rumbling sounds and sank down, but no matter how fast they were, since they were too big, they looked as if they were sinking down slowly. It was the same no matter from where on the land of the Berserkers a person watched them.

As they descended and the circumferential area grew larger, Eastern Wastelands showed signs of collapse.

At that moment, a sigh echoed in the area. The person who let out this sigh was the old xun maker. At that instant, his body grew endlessly larger before everyone's eyes, and in the blink of an eye, he turned into a gigantic figure that could hold up the world.

That body was a mere illusion, and everything within him was made up of thick Yin Death Aura. It was as if his existence was formed by it alone. Once he supported the sky, his gigantic body changed once again with a bang.

He turned… into a piece of cloth that had no bounds!

The blue cloth was the color of the sky. As it tumbled about, it covered the entire Berserkers' sky and charged towards the four cultivation planets, enveloping them within.

Su Ming had never blinked, not even once, and he still did not blink when the old man turned into the cloth that was the sky and covered everything, also blocking Su Ming's gaze. Due to this, he was... no longer able to see that familiar face.

It was also at that moment that the black-robed Di Tian turned to look at Su Ming. He only had a head remaining after even his arms disappeared as his body burned.

"Su Ming, no one will be able to save you anymore… I've prepared a divine ability specifically for you. You'll like it a lot. You'll like it really much… And I will end this farce with this Art!"

At the instant a cold sneer appeared at the corners of Di Tian's lips, a powerful dark light erupted from his eyes.

That dark light spread out instantly. It covered the entire blue sky that was formed by the old xun maker's body, causing the whole sky to turn dark.

But it was not complete darkness. There were sparkling stars in the sky, and each of these stars were like Di Tian's eyes. At the same time a chilling light shone from those stars, they seemed to connect to form…

A gigantic face!

Su Ming's heart trembled violently. He felt as if every single person around him had disappeared. It did not matter whether they were Berserkers or Immortals, only Su Ming himself remained in the entire world under the sky.

He stood there and looked at the human face formed by the stars. At the instant he saw it, a loud bang rang out in Su Ming's mind.

How could he possibly forget this sky? How could he possibly forget this ancient face that was formed by the stars?

"Su Ming, remember this sky..." The final divine ability his elder had cast all those years ago in Dark Mountain seemed to be echoing in Su Ming's ears. It was a divine ability that made a flag cover the entire sky.

It was the same sky, the same face, just like how it was in his memories…

That face was incredibly similar to Su Ming's, but it was a lot older than his. However, there was no gentleness in its eyes. There was only an overbearing look, as well as a murderous, bloodthirsty glare!

He looked at Su Ming, and Su Ming was also looking at him.

"Do you want… to return to Dark Mountain?" The face in the sky gradually opened his mouth and let out a voice that sounded like thunder booming. It echoed in the air and fell into Su Ming's ears, shaking his soul.

"Do you want… to see your elder..?"

"Do you want… to fulfill your promise to Bai Ling..?"

"Do you want… to see Dark Mountain's sky once again..?" The voice grew louder with each question. Eventually it became part of the world, causing perplexity to appear in Su Ming's soul as it trembled.

"Do you want… to return to the past..?"

"Do you want… to restart from the beginning..?" When that voice asked this question, a powerful ray of starlight erupted from the sky. It spread out and covered the land, causing the world to turn muddled before it started repeating itself in a loop.

"A thousand years of reincarnations. A thousand years of destiny. A thousand years…" The voice and its overbearing pressure gradually weakened. Eventually, it became so faint that it was barely noticeable. Su Ming slowly closed his eyes. A deep wave of fatigue turned into a whirlpool within his soul that drowned his consciousness and… submerged everything about him.

A loud boom that shook the sky and earth surged up toward Su Ming's ears, and he instinctively opened his eyes. The fatigue that was spreading through all of his body made him unable to help himself, and he closed his eyes at the instant he reopened them.

However, right at the moment he opened his eyes, he saw a piece of blue sky, he saw that the now incomplete Dark Mountain only had four summits, and Black Flame Mountain no longer had any summit.

He also saw… Black Mountain Tribe's Elder, who should have been dragged into the void.

There was also… the familiar figure of his elder, who was originally standing on the mountain before he fell down in the midst of his exhaustion!

"This is… the past…" Su Ming mumbled. This was the final scene he saw before he closed his eyes once again.

This time, after he closed his eyes, Su Ming felt that he had a very long dream. In his dream, he saw himself going to a place called South Morning. Over there, he came to a place named ninth summit, which he called his home. He had three senior brothers and a strange Master who liked to change his clothes often.

He also went to Eastern Wastelands and became the God of Berserkers…

When Su Ming opened his eyes, he woke up from this dream and found himself lying on a small bed. Everything around him was incredibly unfamiliar.

"You're awake…" A familiar voice reached Su Ming's ears. It came from a pale looking teenager, who was… Bei Ling.
