# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 686

"That is a very long story… In that story, there are Immortals, Shamans, and Berserkers… In that story, there is South Morning, Eastern Wastelands, and Great Yu Imperial Palace…

"In that story, there is ninth summit, the Undying and Imperishable World, and also the God of Berserkers…"

During one particular autumn within the tribe there was a dozen something children sitting in a circle under a big tree while autumn leaves fell all around them. These children all had their eyes wide open as they listened attentively to an old man telling his story while he sat under a tree.

That old man looked incredibly ancient. Wrinkles had already appeared on his skin, and there was white in his hair. His smile was incredibly affectionate. There seemed to be some strange power contained within his voice that attracted the children's attention, and they were all immersed in his story.

That old man was Su Ming.

It was the sixtieth year since Bai Ling left.

The people who went through the upheaval that happened to Dark Mountain Tribe sixty years ago had already returned to the earth. New generations of their tribe members grew up and became the pillars of strength for the tribe.

Dark Mountain Tribe had become much bigger, and the territory they occupied under Dark Mountain had also become incredibly large.

When Su Ming reached Bone Sacrifice Realm three years ago, he became the strongest person in a circular area of ten thousand lis. Even if there were powerful Berserkers who had reached Bone Sacrifice Realm in Wind Stream Tribe, but they… were not Su Ming's opponents.

He was no longer the boy he had been all those years ago. Time had left behind wisdom and age on his body in its tracks. Perhaps it was because he was old now, but as Su Ming gradually forgot the battle sixty years ago, he began to feel nostalgic about it.

"In the end, he became the God of Berserkers and fought against Di Tian…" Su Ming smiled and told the story to the children around him slowly.

"Grandpa elder, who won in the end?"

"That Di Tian is a jerk! Grandpa elder, come on, tell us! Who won in the end?"

"I don't know who won in the end either. The story ended at this point, or perhaps… it hasn't." Su Ming stood up and patted the head of a boy about seven or eight years old beside him. This child was Bei Ling's youngest grandson.

In the midst of all the children's reluctance and unwillingness to part with him, Su Ming left. His story had indeed ended. During these sixty years, he had expanded Dark Mountain Tribe by a lot more than it had ever possessed in the past. He had made Dark Mountain Tribe become the strongest tribe in the area. Even if he left the place, danger would not come to his home, because Bei Ling… had also reached Bone Sacrifice Realm, and during the past sixty years… four other Berserkers had reached Awakening Realm!

And there were many more of those under the Awakening Realm.

This was the effect of Su Ming's medicinal pills.

During this year, on the day when leaves fall the most during autumn, Su Ming packed up his luggage and walked out of his house, intending to leave the now powerful Dark Mountain Tribe.

Xiao Hong did not follow behind him.

Xiao Hong had already become old, and it had returned to the forest to stay with its children…

It was morning. At this point in time, there would usually not be many people walking out their houses and moving about in the tribe. Yet now, at the instant Su Ming walked out of his house, he found his entire tribe standing outside, and they were all watching him quietly.

"We send you off with our respect, Elder!" All his tribe members, no matter young or old, knelt down. Their voices echoed in the air, causing Su Ming's footsteps to come to a halt. He looked at his people, and after a long, long time, he smiled and nodded.

"Go off now. I'll come back." Su Ming waved his arm and walked towards the tribe's gate. When he walked out of his tribe, he saw an old man standing next to the gate.

This old man stood as tall and straight as a spear. His sparkling eyes looked as if they contained lightning inside, and as he looked at Su Ming, Su Ming, too, looked at him.

This was Bei Ling, who had reached Bone Sacrifice Realm.

"Are you really leaving?" Bei Ling remained silent for a moment before he asked languidly.

Su Ming turned his head around and cast a glance at his tribe before he stated calmly, "It's been sixty years after that upheaval… Dark Mountain Tribe has become powerful. You don't need me here anymore…"

"But Lei Chen hasn't come back…" A reluctance to part appeared on Bei Ling's face. Making Dark Mountain Tribe great had been a pressure that he and Su Ming had shouldered together for the past few decades. During these sixty years, they had experienced many, many things.

"This is his home. He'll come back… I'll… be going now." Su Ming walked past Bei Ling and patted his shoulder. As he smiled, he took a step towards the sky and turned into a long arc that gradually disappeared into the horizon.

Su Ming left. This was the first time he truly left after sixty years.

Ten years later, in a boundless forest filled with evergreens to the south of the Alliance of the Western Region, Su Ming moved from the middle stage to the later stage of the Berserker Soul Realm.

Twenty years later, he stood on the highest mountain in the continent to the east of the Alliance of the Western Region and let out a long howl towards the sky. He had attained great completion in the Bone Sacrifice Realm!

Five years later, Su Ming stood on a boat at the edge close to the Dead Sea in the Alliance of the Western Region. At that moment, he was no longer a Berserker in the Bone Sacrifice Realm. The ripples of power that could fuse with the world coming from his body were a clear sign that he had already reached Berserker Soul Realm!

He had searched through the Alliance of the Western Region for thirty-five years, and during this time, he had walked through the entire Alliance of the Western Region… but he could not find Bai Ling.

They had been separated for nearly a hundred years, and that separation seemed to have turned into an eternity. It only existed as he reminisced about the past, but he could no longer clearly see that memory.

When Su Ming stood on the boat, he left the Alliance of the Western Region. As the waves in the Dead Sea roared, he rushed forward along with the waves in the sea, alone in his boat.

The Dead Sea was incredibly huge. With its foul stench crashing into his face, Su Ming plowed through. His goal… was South Morning!

During the first thirty something years in the Alliance of the Western Region, he learned of the other continents in the land of Berserkers - South Morning, Eastern Wastelands, and Northern Province! When he learned that there was indeed South Morning and Eastern Wastelands in the world, Su Ming gained the desire to go to South Morning. He wanted to see whether everything in his dream was real.

He wanted to see the ninth summit and find out whether that place was the same as in his dream.

Su Ming spent ten years on the Dead Sea, and ten years later, in the midst of battles and slaughter, he reached the middle stage of the Berserker Soul Realm. He also reached the Land of South Morning!

There, he saw Shamans, Autumn Sea Tribe, the yet to be completely formed Sky Mist Barrier, and also… some Immortals.

In South Morning, he saw Han Mountain City. However, there was no city there. It was only a barren hill.

He saw Freezing Sky Clan and also the ninth summit, but the people living there were not Hu Zi, his second senior brother, his eldest senior brother, and not his Master.

Su Ming stayed for a hundred years in the Land of South Morning. He walked through every single place he had went to before in his dream and tried looking for familiar sights in these places. Some of them were familiar to him, but some were not.

On the year Su Ming chose to leave the continent, he attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, and he saw… the Shamans' Great Patriarch, and he also witnessed a gigantic battle between the Shamans and Berserkers!

He had originally not wanted to join this battle, but then he saw two people in the battlefield. One of them was the Grand Elder of Western Sea Tribe, and the other was a middle-aged man that had never appeared in the continent before and seemed as if he had only reached South Morning. At the instant Su Ming saw the man's face, something happened that rarely afflicted him, his heart trembled a little!

The middle-aged man was incredibly similar to Tian Xie Zi!

However, Su Ming's face was already ancient and filled with signs of time. He watched the middle-aged man working together with Western Sea Tribe's Grand Elder to fight against the Shamans' Great Patriarch. That Great Patriarch seemed to have surpassed the strength of those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, so Su Ming chose to join the battle and attack!

The battle ended. The Great Patriarch dissipated and his soul fell into deep sleep. Even if he regained consciousness, he would no longer have his current power, because his soul had been grievously injured.

The reputation of the three great Berserkers in South Morning rose up because of this battle, but no one knew Su Ming's name, and he gradually turned into the most mysterious one among the three great Berserkers.

Su Ming left. He had found his answer. He stepped on the boat that carried him all the way here from the Alliance of the Western Region, and with complicated as well as sentimental feelings, he left South Morning to go to Eastern Wastelands.

He went to two places when he arrived there. One of them was located in the depths of Eastern Wastelands. It was a barren piece of land under a mountain, which was the place where Ugly Little Thing's family lived in his dream.

He also went to the center of Eastern Wastelands, to a place that was filled with endless pits and floating stones - the place where Immortals had descended in his dream!

He stood on one of the big stones in the land where the Immortals had descended for a long, long time. He looked at the sky as everything in his dream continued surfacing in his head. In the end, he started laughing. There was a carefreeness to his laughter, along with understanding.

It was an understanding towards life. It was a thorough insight towards reincarnation, and also… control over fate.

"Di Tian…"

As Su Ming laughed, a chilling glare gradually appeared in his eyes. He lowered his head and looked at the ground before he bit the tip of his tongue and coughed up a mouthful of blood. That blood gathered swiftly before him and eventually turned into a blood crystal!

Su Ming brought the blood crystal to his forehead and poured all his power as well as his understanding towards fate into that crystal. Once he did so, he threw it towards the ground. That blood crystal immediately broke through the earth and entered the deepest depths… to be buried eternally under the ground.

Once Su Ming finished doing all these things, he walked towards the world in the distance without any hesitation.

"Reincarnation is just a point…" Su Ming's voice seemed to be echoing faintly and indistinctly in all directions even after he left.

Time passed, and another hundred years went by.

During these hundred years, Su Ming went to various mountains in the world of Berserkers in search of… the Berserkers' Realm Mountain his elder spoke had spoken of but he never managed to find it. Another hundred years went by, and another…

He had no idea how much time had passed. Su Ming walked through the entire land, but he still did not manage to find Berserkers' Realm Mountain.

When he was eventually filled with fatigue in his heart and soul, he sat down at the top of a mountain at a place whose name he had already forgotten and which was located in a continent somewhere in the world and looked at the sky in the distance.

"Berserkers' Realm Mountain…" he mumbled to himself.

'Elder said it's in my heart…'

Su Ming closed his eyes. Once he did so, the four seasons began passing by one after another in a circle around him, and time passed, though he had no idea how much…

One day, Su Ming opened his eyes, and a smile filled with understanding appeared on his aged face. When he opened his eyes, a mountain appeared right before him. It was a mountain that reached the clouds, and three big words were carved deeply into its walls.

Berserkers' Realm Mountain!

Su Ming stood up, and with one step, he landed on Berserkers' Realm Mountain. He looked towards the canyons that ran a hundred thousand feet deep from the top of the mountain, and with a smile, he took a step towards there. He did not activate any of his power and charged swiftly into the depths of the canyon.

The piercing howls of the wind roared in his ears, and his face started rapidly changing, and in the end… that ancient face of his turned into that of a teenage boy.

His world crumbled with a bang at that moment, and as it turned into an endless amount of fragments that tumbled backwards, he heard the song of the xun from his dreams.

"You have understood reincarnation, mastered inception, and awakened the race's soul…

"You gave up your life in the Berserkers' Realm Mountain. You broke out of fate's clutches and entered… the other side of the mirror.

"From now onwards, you will walk down the path of Life Cultivation…

"Who am I..? I will give you the answer when you reach Berserkers' Realm Mountain once again in reality. I will wait for you…"
