# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 687

The song of the xun and that voice were the final things Su Ming heard before he sank into unconsciousness. His world rapidly crumbled as his body sank and turned into fragments that were swept away, like a ball of flame that had been lit out of thin air and burned away everything.

This might perhaps not have been a dream, but another form of reality.

The goal of Di Tian's Art was to make Su Ming sink into oblivion. It was… just like what Su Ming had went through previously. He would sink into oblivion and go through his next life as if he had been reincarnated.

Besides Di Tian himself, no one knew what his plans were. Even if there were many Immortal sects who had joined the plan and entered this setup that had lasted for years, they could only continue guessing his plans. No one could get a clear grasp of Di Tian's thoughts.

Perhaps the destruction Di Tian mentioned was not aimed towards his life, but to his memories. However, this time, Su Ming had escaped Di Tian's control, and that control Di Tian had over him was to be understood in its literal sense.

At the moment Su Ming opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was the gigantic Yin Death Vortex which covered the entire sky. The second thing he saw were the arching edges of the cultivation planets up ahead, as well as the sky which had been covered by the blue cloth.

The third thing he saw was the starry sky that was summoned by Di Tian's divine ability. The huge face which was formed by the stars was showing an expression of disbelieving shock, and his gaze met Su Ming's own.

The fourth thing Su Ming saw was the black-robed Di Tian, who by then only had his head left as his magical body continued burning in the distance. It was the first time Su Ming saw shock and astonishment on Di Tian's magical body.

His shock was real. As well as astonishment. And the disbelief on his face was also real!

Su Ming woke up.

"This is impossible!" Di Tian, who now only had his head, lost his dignity for the first time ever and lost control over his emotions. He also, for the first time, cried out in disbelief.

Veins popped up on his face. Clearly, his agitation was so great that it could almost surge into the sky as if it had form. He could not believe what he was seeing. This had overturned all that he knew and crushed his confidence.

"It's impossible for you to wake up! This is the Art that will make you sink into oblivion, which I activated by burning my magical body. This is a process that you cannot fight against, you should be incapable of fighting back against it… You should be like the previous times and sink into oblivion because of this Art and go through another one of your reincarnations, again and again, for all eternity…

"This is your destiny! This is the destiny I bestowed upon you!

"How could you wake up so soon?! Your life is mine! Everything concerning you has to go according to my will!"

Di Tian went mad, and his cries of surprise echoed in the air. At that instant, he lifted his head swiftly and roared towards the sky madly, as if he had sunk into hysteria.

"It's you! You are the one who intercepted my Art! You are the one who made him wake up from his state of oblivion! It's you! Who are you?! Just who are you?!"

Di Tian's voice rumbled in the air. Compared to him, there was a slightly complicated look on Su Ming at that moment, but calmness was the dominant expression on his face.

"I finally understand everything…" Su Ming mumbled. He, too, lifted his head and looked towards the sky. At that moment, the face formed by the stars was distorted, as if it was also roaring.

"A long time ago, an Enchanted battleship flew out of True Sacred Yin World… which was the Spirits of Nine Yin's Enchanted Vessel. With Sacred Yin's will, they searched for all the corpses that belonged to the strong in the boundless galaxy within the four Great True Worlds.

"One day, the Spirits of Nine Yin found an infant's corpse. They believed that this corpse fulfilled their requirements, and that was why they sealed it within the Enchanted battleship…

"Many years passed since then. The Spirits of Nine Yin's Enchanted Vessel crumbled when it ran into an accident in True Morning Dao World. It fell into a place called Yin Death Region. That place… is where the Berserkers are, and due to the Spirits of Nine Yins' Enchanted Vessel, the World of Nine Yin was formed.

"The first God of Berserkers went to that place. The second and the third also went there… Perhaps the second God of Berserkers took with him a baby when he left the World of Nine Yin.

"Perhaps it was the first's order to search for that baby, but no matter what, the second God of Berserkers brought that baby back to Great Yu's palace and treated that baby as his own child, no different from his own daughter.

"That was a dead baby, because he was originally a corpse to begin with…" Su Ming mumbled softly. There was no anguish in his voice, only understanding.

"Not long after the second God of Berserkers brought the baby's corpse back, due to the first's departure and the fact that the Berserkers were no longer as strong as they were before… due to the Immortals' wariness and their fear towards the Berserkers' growth, they launched a war against the Berserkers.

"They won that war. They killed the second God of Berserkers and tore up his body. That war tore the land of Berserkers, and it was divided into several continents.

"That war caused Great Yu Imperial Palace to be frozen, and Great Yu Imperial City to disappear from the land of Berserkers from then onwards.

"After the war, the dead baby's corpse and the second God of Berserkers' daughter was taken back to the land of Immortals by Di Tian…

"They discovered the remarkable qualities of that dead baby, and perhaps because the second God of Berserkers' daughter had come into contact with the dead baby, the baby girl also possessed some of those remarkable qualities. From then on, the siblings were reduced to mere puppets.

"The dead baby was sealed in a region somewhere in the land of Immortals, and his little sister was taken away by Dao Chen… Di Tian, at that time, perhaps you found a method for you to become infinitely stronger by using that dead baby, and from then on, you executed that so called plan of yours that would last for years against that dead baby…

"Perhaps the baby was not really dead. Perhaps his death in Bright Yang Region meant that he could be alive in Yin Death Region. I don't know what you discovered, but this discovery made you carry out a plan. This plan was to make that dead baby sink into oblivion again and again in Yin Death Region.

"He sank into oblivion and was sealed time and again. You fabricated a memory for the baby, and that memory was known as Dark Mountain… With that memory as a foundation, you made him sink into oblivion again and again.

"Since memories are like a picture, once you paint it, you can make that baby sink into it and never be able to walk out…

"I don't know how many times I've sunk into oblivion, but I do know that this time, after I woke up, after Xiao Hong gave me that stone fragment in Dark Mountain, I was… different from all those previous times.

"This is reincarnation. This is fate. This is me…" Su Ming averted his gaze from the stars in the sky and looked calmly at Di Tian, who was practically in a state of hysteria.

"There is one person, perhaps he is just a soul, but when you first carried out your plan, he entered your plan and started changing things quietly in an attempt for me to wake up. He wanted me to truly open my eyes and take a look… at the world outside.

"I also have an answer in my heart as to who that person is," Su Ming whispered softly.

Di Tian's breathing quickened. He, who now only had his head left, found it burning as well. Red filled his eyes, and madness shone within them. He glared at Su Ming, and for the first time ever, greed appeared in his eyes, revealing his true emotions.

That greed made him look as if he wanted to swallow Su Ming whole and obtain everything of him!

"You are Destiny. Your life has been planned out. It doesn't matter even if you've come to understand many things. You are still in Yin Death Region. You are still in a state of oblivion. Even if you've woken up, you are still in that state!"

At the same time madness appeared in Di Tian's eyes, stars began shining in them. The light grew to a piercing degree within an instant, and brilliant starlight erupted from the eyes of the roaring face made of stars in the sky.

"This is your destiny for a thousand years, and you will sink into oblivion for a thousand years! Now… sink into oblivion again!"

As Di Tian roared, the face in the sky roared as well. All the starlight gathered on Su Ming at that moment, showing Di Tian's unwillingness to admit defeat; ;he was executing the Art once more.

"It's useless." Su Ming sighed deeply and shook his head. He lifted his right hand and pointed forward with his index finger.

"This is a point." As Su Ming spoke softly, a crystalline dot appeared at the spot where his index finger was pointing.

"I will draw towards the left and make a circle, and when I stop drawing… I will find that the end is in the same spot." Su Ming's right index finger started drawing towards the left and he drew a circle. The spot where the circle was completed was its beginning and its end. It was the point that fused both the beginning and the end together.

"This is reincarnation. Then if I draw from the right and make a circle, rotating from the end…" As Su Ming spoke, his right index finger started drawing another circle backwards from that dot. The spot that caused the circle to be complete… was still the same point.

"This is also reincarnation." When Su Ming finished speaking, an indefinable presence radiated off his body. That presence was not of those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, but was… a presence that surpassed Berserker Soul.

It grew thicker and surrounded Su Ming's body, causing the starry sky to erupt with a bang at the instant it descended and touched it. It was as if the area where Su Ming was had turned into a forbidden region for starlight.

His hair flew while his eyes remained calm. His words contained endless wisdom, and they were echoing in the world.

"Reincarnation is a point, and that point… is Berserkers' Realm Mountain. That point is the start and also the end. You can walk to the future from that point, and you can also head to the past.

"This point is also the mirror's point. The mirror's face is the normal world. It is where the past moves towards the future. It is then the opposite inside the mirror. Life and death move in opposite directions. The past and future move in opposite directions. It is just as I have understood it in Hidden Dragon Sect. It is like the process of winter moving to spring… because the people in the world of the mirror move from the future to the past.

"The Immortals are the face of the mirror. They live in the world outside the mirror and move from life to death. The Berserkers' Yin Death Region is the world inside the mirror. They move from death to life…" The presence that had surpassed great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm erupted from Su Ming's body at that moment and surrounded him, causing him to look like a deity!

"You… you…" An even greater level of shock appeared on Di Tian's face. At that moment, the Su Ming in his eyes was so terrifying that he was making his heart tremble. That terrifying aspect was not due to his power… but due to his epiphany!

"I originally did not understand something, but the experience I went through just now made me understand everything," Su Ming whispered softly.
