# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 688

"What I don't understand is that if the face of the mirror means walking from life to death and the world in the mirror naturally moves in the opposite direction, heading from death to life… then what were those reincarnations I went through. What was that state of sinking into oblivion you speak of. And was that Art that made all those things seem so real but were illusions..." Su Ming stated flatly. He looked at Di Tian, but he was not asking anything. He had already obtained his answer.

"During that moment just now, I finally understood. The face and back of that mirror don't make a complete cycle of reincarnation." Su Ming shook his head, and a variety of emotions stirred up slightly in his heart.

"It is just like the existence of Yin and Yang. People only see these two faces, but they forget… that there is another point!

"The world outside the mirror belongs to the Immortals, and the world inside the mirror belongs to the Berserkers. But in truth, there is a mirror inside the mirror. If two mirrors were positioned opposite each other properly, then the endless darkness would then be the mirror inside the mirror!

"That is the place where you had me sink into oblivion, and it is also the point of reincarnation. It also the world of reincarnation!

"That is also the place the elder kept telling me about… Berserkers' Realm Mountain.

"Jumping down from Berserkers' Realm Mountain was not so that I would die, but to find that point. By walking out of that point, I walked out of the mirror in the mirror and moved into the world inside the mirror itself.

"The me right now truly exists in the mirror… and my next step is to move from death to life, from the world inside the mirror to the world outside, from Yin Death to Bright Yang, from the land of Berserkers… to the land of Immortals!"

At the instant Su Ming finished saying all these things, the presence that surpassed that of great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm increased exponentially. It caused the world to roar and the earth to shake, filing the entire world with splendor during that instant.

It also made the face made of stars in the sky to distort. When Su Ming lifted his right hand and swung it in the air, the face shattered with a bang, revealing the blue sky. This was what the old xun maker had transformed into, and it was the Art that prevented the cultivation planets from descending.

Su Ming's hair moved without wind.

His cultivation changed drastically at that moment. This change caused the presence that was spreading out of Su Ming's body to turn into a mighty pressure, and it instantly covered the entire land and sky, spreading over the whole world of Berserkers.

The Berserkers' sky and world trembled. All the mountains shook, all the rivers stopped running, and all the ferocious beasts on the land lifted their heads at the same time to roar at the sky.

Even the ferocious beasts that were fighting against each other stopped fighting and lifted their heads to roar. Their voices echoed through the entire land of Berserkers.

Huge waves rose up in the Dead Sea, surging into the sky. It was as if the entire Dead Sea had started boiling. The roaring of the waves shook the sky and earth, and it was as if the entire world of Berserkers had risen up to roar.

The roars that erupted from South Morning, Eastern Wastelands, the Alliance of the Western Region, and the Northern Province caused the entire land of Berserkers to obtain a soul that could gather these split up continents together at that instant.

This was Berserkers' soul!

During that instant, the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds' Xue Sha and the near ten thousand tribe members beside Su Ming found their blood reaching boiling point. Their breathing quickened, and a presence they could not hold back erupted from their bodies.

The tens of thousands of Immortals found their bodies trembling under this pressure, and one by one, they started kneeling down, unable to control themselves. This was not their will, but the will that existed within the world. It told them that if they did not prostrate themselves on the ground, they would immediately be squashed by the world.

Ji An's face turned pale. All of this had surpassed his expectations. In fact, perhaps not even a single Immortal had expected that something like this might happen due to the appearance of Eastern Wastelands Tower.

Su Ming's power climbed up madly. The change in his cultivation base turned him into the most radiant light in the world.

Streams of light, which had appeared out of nowhere, begun gathering together before Su Ming, then turned into a gigantic statue!

Su Ming could recognize this statue. In fact, some of the Berserkers had seen this statue before as well. It… was the deity statue of Awakening!

All those who manifested a certain amount of blood veins among the Berserkers would see this deity statue appearing in front them at the moment they reached Awakening Realm. This statue was created by the first God of Berserkers, and it was worshipped by all Berserkers. It was the being that allowed them to obtain the power of Awakening - the deity statue of Awakening!

The deity statue looked exactly the same as it did in Su Ming's memories. Once it appeared, a strange light appeared in its eyes, and it stared at Su Ming as if it had resuscitated. It wrapped its palm in its fist and bowed swiftly!

This was the deity statue of Awakening's form of worship. It was the deity statue of Awakening's sign of respect!

Almost at the instant the deity statue of Awakening bowed towards Su Ming, the sky rumbled. More streams of light erupted madly from empty air, and then right above the deity statue of Awakening and in front of Su Ming… the light gathered together into another gigantic statue.

That was… the deity statue of Bone Sacrifice!

Every single time the highly exalted deity statue of Bone Sacrifice appeared, it meant that there was a person among them who had incredibly great potential. It meant that someone among them had obtained Great Yu's acknowledgment and had been appointed a Divine General of Bone Sacrifice!

This was a supreme form of glory. Every single time the deity statue of Bone Sacrifice appeared, most of the people who saw it would prostrate themselves on the ground and worship it. Yet now, once the deity statue of Bone Sacrifice appeared… it lowered its head towards Su Ming, just like the deity statue of Awakening. Then it wrapped its fist in its palm and bowed in respect.

As it bowed, the sky rumbled. As it bowed, the whole world looked as if it was trembling.

Once it bowed, more streams of light gathered swiftly above it. A radiant layer of light swept past the sky like running water, and a deity statue that was even bigger and stronger appeared in the sky with a bang.

"That is…"

"That is the deity statue of Berserker Soul?!"

"That's the deity statue of Berserker Soul that has appeared the least, and its appearance was rare even during ancient times!"

An uproar rose at that moment. Right before everyone's eyes, the deity statue of Berserker Soul, which stood erect in the sky, lowered its head just like deity statue of Bone Sacrifice and Awakening had done, and then wrapped its fist in its palm, bowing respectfully towards Su Ming as if it submitting itself to him!

The appearance of the three deity statues and their subsequent show of worship caused Su Ming's Qi to erupt with a bang. At this moment, he had far surpassed the power those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm possessed, and his Qi was still rising continuously. A terrifying, mighty pressure was spreading out from his body, and the statue of the God of Berserkers that had crumbled previously slowly manifested behind him.

All these scenes caused a dazed look to appear on Di Tian's face, along with a fierce and crazed expression of struggle.

"The three deity statues of Berserkers have bowed towards him. This is… the legendary Life Cultivation Realm! This is the presence of Life Cultivation. This is… the presence of Life Cultivation appearing once again in the land of Berserkers since ancient times!"

The thin and old Xue Sha from the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds could no longer control his excitement. He looked at Su Ming with his body trembling. The fire and respect within his eyes instantly flared up, burning at an intense degree.

"This is the day the Berserkers rise! I, Xue Sha, am willing to follow the God of Berserkers and die with the Berserkers to break a path that will lead us to the land of Immortals for the God of Berserkers!" Xue Sha had went mad, a madness born of excitement. He knelt down towards Su Ming, and as he trembled, he swore the Berserkers' oath!

"From now on, I offer my soul to the Berserkers, and I sacrifice my body to the people. With my flesh and blood, I will break open the sky for the Berserkers, and with the power contained in my blood, I will give up everything for my people's rise to power!" Xue Sha's voice reverberated in the air with his agitation, with the resuscitated excitement in his old heart, and with his tears that were falling down from his eyes in his exhilaration.

He loved the Berserkers, truly, deeply, loved his race… and only at this moment did he no longer need to suppress his love. Only at this moment did he no longer need to be in despair and could let out his emotions in a violent outburst.

The near ten thousand tribe members from the Great Tribe of Surging Clouds knelt down behind Xue Sha and shouted out the same Berserkers' oath as he did!

All Entities Clan's Tian Qi was also weeping at this time. He knelt down in excitement and with the near ten thousand people from the twelve tribes behind him, he, along with them, shouted out the Berserkers' oath, offering his everything to Berserkers' people!

It was also at this moment that the endless long arcs from several other directions arrived in a mad dash. This sort of speed had already surpassed the limits of what a person could do. It was a form of madness born out of recklessness.

"I, Chi Lei Tian, greet the God of Berserkers! I offer my soul to the Berserkers, and I sacrifice my body to the people. With my flesh and blood, I will break open the sky for the Berserkers, and with the power contained in my blood, I will give up everything for my people's rise to power!" That was Chi Lei Tian's voice, and right behind the old man who was surrounded entirely by lightning sparks was the ten million something members of his tribe shouting out the oaths in roars that could shake the sky!

"I, Ya Man, Elder of Berserker Fang Tribe, greet the God of Berserkers! From now on, I offer my soul, my body, my blood, and my flesh to the Berserkers! With the power of my blood, I will give up my everything to the Berserkers! I am willing to have my soul scatter for the rise of the Berserkers, and I will never regret it!" There was a certain timbre to his ancient voice that showed just how excited he was. Then, the ten thousand people from Berserker Fang Tribe descended to the place with the fastest speed they could muster and shouted out their oaths as well!

"I, Wu Shuang, Elder of Goldenrain Mountain Tribe, brought ten thousand of my people to greet the God of Berserkers! We of Goldenrain Mountain Tribe are willing to be the vanguards for the rise of the Berserkers, and we are willing to trample through the universe for the God of Berserkers and our people!" The hidden mountain tribe had also arrived with a bang. They appeared and knelt down altogether, resulting in Su Ming being the only one in the entire world standing in the air as his Qi continued erupting forth.

Su Ming's hair danced in the air and he looked calm. In his ears, familiar voices echoed.

"I, cultivator of Fated Kin, greet Respected Senior Mo!"

"I, Nan Gong Hen of Fated Kin, greet Respected Senior Mo!"

The people who did not come in groups appeared from all directions and shouted in loud, booming voices that were filled with excitement and passion.

The Fated Kin had arrived!

Su Ming looked at all the people kneeling around calmly, as he stood in midair. He looked at Di Tian, who only had a small portion of his head left due to the flames burning him, and he saw that his face was pale. He saw the madness and the unwillingness to admit defeat in his eyes, as well as a deep perplexity.

'Reincarnation is a point… That point is Berserkers' Realm Mountain. It is also here.'

Su Ming lifted his right hand and seized the air in the direction of the ground. With it, the ground collapsed, and a blood crystal that was buried in the depths of the earth for an unknown amount of time turned into a long arc and charged towards Su Ming, bringing with it an ancient air.

Right behind it, more blood crystals flew out from the ground with a bang. These blood crystals turned into long arcs and charged towards Su Ming, swiftly fusing with his body. With each fusion, Su Ming's cultivation base would erupt madly, the might of his body increasing at a terrifying pace!

"From now onwards… I will walk down the path of Life Cultivation!" Su Ming stated flatly, with determination and resolution shining in his gaze!

At that instant, he sensed the frozen Great Yu Imperial City!
