# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 689

The blood crystals closed in on Su Ming and fused with his body. With each blood crystal, Su Ming's cultivation would swiftly increase exponentially. His Qi stirred up the world and the universe, and an awe-inspiring air that could not be described with words was born in his eyes.

This mighty pressure was the peerless presence of the universe and the world. This awe-inspiring air also symbolized the Berserkers' crazed outburst after living in oppression for a countless years.

Su Ming did not count just how many blood crystals he obtained, and neither did he need to calculate the number, because he was no longer bothered by it.

It did not matter how many reincarnations there had been. There might have been ten, a hundred, a thousand, or even more. To him, it no longer mattered. What was important was that he had moved out of the cycles of reincarnation from the mirror within the mirror and that he now knew clearly that he was no longer… in that cycle of reincarnation!

Because he was no longer in the mirror within the mirror. He had leaped off the Berserkers' Realm Mountain and found that point, then had walked completely out of there!

He knew that he was real, and he was the only one who was real!

That is why it no longer mattered to Su Ming how many reincarnations he had went through!

Su Ming, who had come to understand all of this, found that the power erupting from his body after the numerous blood crystals fused had fused with him surpassed the power he had obtained after attaining great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm and it had exploded with a bang. The seal in his memories also completely shattered at that instant. With its destruction, a large amount of memories surged into Su Ming's divine sense like a tidal wave, and he saw a world.

That world was black, and it was filled with a kind of loneliness. He heard the voice of the second God of Berserkers' daughter again. She was his little sister, and every single time she called out to him, Su Ming's heart ached in pain.

He did not recover many of his memories, for it only lasted for a very short time, but even from that short memory, he could sense that he had been outside Yin Death Region and within the Immortals' Galaxy. There was someone urgently calling him from there. This was not his little sister's voice, but came from his soul, and it felt as if it was a summon that seemed to be a part of his body.

While this summon might be incredibly urgent, there was an endless amount of other, weaker and fainter, voices calling to him as well. They gave Su Ming a strange feeling.

It was as if… all the cultivators in the land of Immortals possessed… what originally belonged to Su Ming. This was why he felt as if there was an endless amount of voices calling to him from the entire land of Immortals at that moment.

As these voices called to him, Su Ming took the most critical step after attaining great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, and from then onwards walked down the path of Life Cultivation!

The four Realms within Life Cultivation were Life Matrix, Life Privation, Life Palace, and World of Life!

To understand what Life meant, to understand their own Life Matrix, to understand the changes in the world, and to obtain the power of knowing about the will of heaven—this was Life Matrix!

"My Life Matrix is to move from death to life. My Life Matrix is to head to spring from winter. My Life… is to not bow down to the will of heaven and obey its orders, but to have heaven bow to me. I will dye my whole life with my will of death!" Su Ming declared languidly.

At the instant he said these words, the power of One World contained within the fragment given to him as a form of blessing by the Candle Dragon when he was in the World of Nine Yin immediately started melting within his body and soul.

As it melted, Su Ming's eyes shone like the stars. During that instant, his presence completely changed. It was as if his body was going through a spiritual metamorphosis, evolving!

The entire world of Berserkers roared, and right behind Su Ming, his statue of the God of Berserkers, which had previously crumbled, manifested once again.

As the ten thousand feet statue manifested in the air and slowly gained corporeal form, all the Berserkers who had arrived here let out delighted howls, worshiping the statue as they knelt in its direction.

These voices spread in all directions and shook all the Immortals who heard them, for within those voices was madness, a frenzy born from oppression, and the Berserkers' soul!

As those voices echoed in all directions, the Dead Sea started churning even more violently and looked as it was about to surge into the sky. The endless waves roared madly, and many of the sea creatures inside the sea trembled before quickly rushing away.

At the time when the Dead Sea produced its most intense roar, the water of the sea started spreading back in all directions… as if there was something big rising from the depths!

As the sea water flowed backwards, a whirlpool that was several hundreds of thousands of lis big appeared on the surface of the sea. That whirlpool rotated with loud booming sounds, and wisps of freezing air spread out from within it, causing the world of Berserkers to instantly become much colder.

Almost at the same time this drastic change occurred to the Dead Sea, the Immortals' Runes used to descend to the land let out a shocking boom behind the blue cloth in the sky, right above Su Ming's head. Light flashed rapidly, and it was a clear sign that more Immortals were about to descend.

By the looks of how these two Runes were operating, the number of Immortals descending this time might be incredibly huge!

Su Ming turned around slowly and looked at his statue, which had revealed itself behind him. As he looked at it, he lifted his right hand and pointed towards it.

"From now onwards, my statue of the God of Berserkers will be the deity statue of Life for all Berserkers who will break through Berserker Soul Realm! From now onwards, Berserkers will be able to break the limit of cultivation that was Berserker Soul Realm and will be able comprehend the principles of Life Cultivation!"

Su Ming's words were implemented as law and spurred on the world of Berserkers' kismet. As his voice reverberated in the air, his statue of the God of Berserkers instantly let out a ray of light that surged into the sky, and the presence of Life Cultivation appeared on it.

It was spoken in the Berserkers' ancient legends that when another God of Berserkers appeared, he would be able to change the fact that Berserkers' cultivation system so Berserker Soul Realm would no longer be the limit. When that new God of Berserkers created the deity statue for the new Realm, all the Berserkers… would reach a breakthrough!

All the Berserkers present found their cultivation bases immediately rising by leaps and bounds. Even those who were not in the battlefield also noticed their cultivation bases increasing exponentially as their blood burned.

It was especially so for the powerful Berserkers who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm and had been stuck there for a long period of time. During that instant, they felt the signs of Life Cultivation from the deity statue of Life as their cultivation bases boiled within them.

Before long… they would be able to have a possibility of taking that one step into Life Cultivation Realm, just like Su Ming had due to their boiling blood and the epiphanies they had gained!

This was the true hope and sign of the Berserkers' rise!

"God of Berserkers!"

"God of Berserkers!"

"God of Berserkers!"

The roars from the Berserkers reverberated in the air even louder, turning into the only sound in the land. As that sound rang in the air and Berserkers worshipped Su Ming in reverence, he turned his head around and looked towards Di Tian, who now only had a small part of his head left as he continued to burn.

"Your Reincarnation Art is far inferior to the Candle Dragon's Undying and Imperishable World… far, far inferior." To be more precise, the reincarnation in the mirror within the mirror which Di Tian had set on Su Ming's body had the same principles as the Candle Dragon's Undying and Imperishable World.

However, Su Ming had been able to keep his mind intact even through the innumerable cycles of reincarnation in the Undying and Imperishable World, even refining a powerful will inside it before walking out after gaining an epiphany from it. Compared to it, Di Tian's Art was simply nothing.

He had sunk into a state of oblivion earlier and returned to Dark Mountain hundreds of years ago, but if Su Ming had been unwilling, he would not have returned. He had only sunk into oblivion earlier because he had wanted to search for that point!

There was a complicated look as well as an expression of shock that could not disappear on Di Tian's sullen face. All of these things were out of his expectations, and so it was completely impossible for him to change anything. Only at this moment did he understand that this time he had truly lost control over Su Ming. He knew that, from then onwards… Su Ming would no longer have any connection to him, and he could no longer make him be reincarnate.

Because of this, what awaited him would not only be the Immortal sects who were involved in this plan questioning him, but also the reality that he'd have to face… Su Ming trying to kill him after he got out of the world of Berserkers.

Su Ming might not be too powerful compared to his real self… but Su Ming's growth and comprehensive abilities made him remember the signs of the Abyss. He remembered the disaster spoken of in the Immortals' legends and the benefits that corpse in the land of Immortals had brought to all the Immortals, including himself. Over the years, almost everyone had been able to walk down the path of cultivation because of this benefit, and if anything happened to it, a new disaster would be brought to the Immortals!

An insane thought suddenly bloomed in his head,'I absolutely can't let him leave the world of Berserkers!'

Almost at the moment this thought appeared in Di Tian's head, a strange light begun to shine in Su Ming's eyes. He could clearly sense that once he stepped into Life Cultivation Realm, there was a faint link born between him and Great Yu Imperial Palace, which was located at the depths of the Dead Sea, and that link was becoming more distinct with each passing moment!

Su Ming took a step towards Di Tian. At the instant his foot landed, blood capillaries filled Di Tian's eyes, and the remainder of his head exploded with a bang.

With the power brought by the explosion, Di Tian let out a shrill roar, "Destiny's Heavenly Punishment: Light from the nine stars, leave no traces of the stars' radiance!"

Di Tian's explosion reverberated in the air with his roar. At the spot where his head fell apart, an illusion instantly took shape. That illusion was like the surface of water, and the nine cultivation planets were reflected off its surface. In that illusion, the nine cultivation planets let out powerful rays of light. They shot them through the surface of the illusory water, and the rays actually charged towards Su Ming.

Su Ming remained as composed as ever. At the moment he took a step forward, the endless amount of powerful light phased through his body. And that's all it did. It was unable to do anything to Su Ming. At the instant he took that step, he appeared right before the surface of the illusory water reflecting the nine planets inside.

"With my Life Matrix, I curse…" Su Ming lifted his right hand and pushed towards the surface of the water.

At the instant his palm landed, the water immediately looked as if ink had been poured in it, rapidly dyeing it black. A presence of decay rose from there, causing wisps of black smoke to immediately appear. They quickly disappeared around Su Ming, but at that instant, a muffled groan came from another place.

This was Su Ming's Curse. Even if Di Tian's magical body had disintegrated, but that Curse would chase after the life that was linked to this body and arrive at where his real self was so that it could cause him to rot!

Just as Di Tian's magical body disintegrated and Su Ming's Curse went after his real self, the blue cloth in the sky scattered away. As ripples appeared on the blue cloth to turn into an old face, the song of a xun filled the air. That face cast a glance at Su Ming from the sky, and an affectionate smile appeared on his lips.

"I'll wait for you at Berserkers' Realm Mountain…"

The blue cloth disappeared, and the sky returned to the image of the vortex. The cultivation planets that had descended previously had disappeared without a trace, but the Immortals' two Runes that were used to send Immortals down were flashing brilliantly, and the figures of people were appearing one after another.

Ten, a hundred, a thousand… nearly ten thousand people appeared with a bang!
