# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 690

That was not nearly ten thousand, but several tens of thousands!

Several tens of thousands of Immortals descended at the same time. This was something incredibly rare even in the past. Besides the massive invasion launched by the Immortals a long time ago, when they attacked Great Yu Imperial City, the same thing had never happened again.

This was because descending in such a large scale within a short amount of time would waste too many of the Immortals' resources. But this was just secondary. What was really important was that they would also need to bring out what little remained of Morning Dao's power as well.

Morning Dao's power was the strongest power in True Morning Dao World, and that power was bestowed upon them by Dao Chen himself. But there was already very little left of that power. After all… it had been a long, long time since Dao Chen had performed any miracles.

Besides using up Morning Dao's power, each cultivator would also have to personally sacrifice some of their life to be able to suppress the laws in Yin Death Region. The amount of life they had to sacrifice was incredibly huge, and it was not something tens of thousands of people could withstand. They would need people that numbered to nearly a hundred fold to the amount of Immortals descending to sacrifice part of their lives to do so, and they could not regain those parts after. The amount of life they lost could never be recovered.

There were some other conditions as well, such as they even needed to use some of their supreme and priceless treasures to be able to send a massive amount of people over. And they would also not be able to have these Immortals over at Yin Death Region for a long period of time.

It was just like when the millions of Immortals had descended to the land of Berserkers all those years ago. Those Immortals might have won that battle, but if they factored in the price they'd had to pay, then it could only be considered as a pyrrhic victory. The Immortals had been in a state of recovery for many years after that.

This time was a far cry from back then, and so it meant that they wouldn't need to bear such huge consequences. However, even if they only sent several tens of thousands, they would still… have to pay quite a large prince.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He could sense that the connection between him and the Great Yu Imperial City in the Dead Sea was growing greater. He first cast a cold glance at Ji An, then swept his gaze across all the tens of thousands of Immortals on the land. All of them had become shocked silent because of him, and all of them lowered their heads when his gaze landed on them.

Almost at the moment Su Ming saw this, his chilling voice immediately reverberated in the air. "All Berserkers, hear me! Kill all the Immortals that fight back against us!"

At the instant Su Ming spoke those words, the close to sixty thousand Berserkers in the area instantly started roaring "Kill them!" These roars screaming of bloody murder instantly shook the sky and earth, and the tens of thousands of Berserkers sliced through the sky to charge towards the Immortals who had just descended.

Su Ming took a step forward and disappeared to appear right above the crowd. He charged towards the Rune used by the Immortals to descend and lifted his right hand to strike it.

He was not aiming to kill, but to destroy the Rune!

With his previous power, Su Ming could not even dream of accomplishing this, but now… once he had stepped into Life Cultivation Realm, he possessed incredibly great combat abilities. And he also possessed the right to do as he wished.

Almost at the moment he struck the Rune, causing it to tremble, Ji An's expression changed. While he was full of hesitation and struggle, Su Ming's eldest senior brother, Xing Gan, lifted his gigantic battle axe and looked over at him with a cold gaze.

At the same time, the sounds of battle between tens of thousands of people swiftly rose into the air. The Immortals who had descended were clearly prepared. At the moment they landed, before their bodies even gained physical form, their still invisible hands crushed something, and they completed the process of gaining corporeal form instantaneously. Their bodies manifested fully and they started fighting against the Berserkers.

"Send the orders of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors to all. The Berserkers have rebelled! Slaughter all Berserkers in Eastern Wastelands and South Morning to serve as a warning!"

A voice filled with a mighty pressure came from the Runes in the vortex. Immediately, hundreds of people walked out, and the ripples of power from their bodies were those of Ascendance. Not all of them had reached great circle in that Realm, but the intimidating force coming from hundreds of cultivators in Ascendance was incredibly strong.

Almost at the same time that voice reverberated in the air, a violent boom rang out. It was Su Ming ramming his fist against the Rune in the sky. A wave of ripples spread out, and the Rune instantly started shaking.

That loud noise lifted the curtains of battle, and the sounds of fighting spread out, surging into the sky. Tens of thousands of Immortals fought against the Berserkers, resulting in the sight of blood raining down from the sky. This blood splashed down on the ground and corpses plunged down after it. Torn pieces of flesh fell from above, causing the Immortals on the ground to shiver as they continued staring at the sky. That wasn't entirely correct though, they were staring at Su Ming.

No one could say who was the first to let out a low growl before he flew into the sky, intending to join the battle with a ferocious look on his face, but before he flew even a hundred feet into the sky, a shudder wrecked his body. He looked as if he had knocked into an invisible barrier, and his body exploded. He was instantly reduced to bits and pieces.

This brutal sight immediately made all the Immortals who wanted to rush out stop moving. At some unknown point in time, a barrier had been placed in the air a hundred feet above their heads. All those outside could enter the barrier, but those inside could not rush out. It was like a cage.

Su Ming was the one who had set up this barrier, and he had his own reasons as to why he had chosen not to kill these Immortals who were stunned to the ground.

The battles in the sky became even more intense. Su Ming lifted his right hand and threw another punch. The ripples of destruction spread out from his body in all directions. At the same time they crashed into the Rune, they also destroyed all the Immortals who had wanted to get closer to him.

"The Immortals' Rune…"

Murderous aura flickered in Su Ming's eyes. During that instant, a large amount of black aura of death surrounded his body. Due to it, Su Ming seemed to be filled with malice and ghastliness.

He lifted his right hand and threw another punch.

At the instant he did so, the Immortals' Rune let out a loud bang that shook the entire area. With it, an endless amount of cracks appeared on the Rune, and they continued spreading until they covered the entire thing.

However, almost the instant those cracks appeared, they instantly closed up, and vast waves of Bright Yang Aura spread out. The Rune then was surrounded by a golden light and looked like it could not be destroyed.

Long arcs charged forth from all directions in the Immortals' galaxy towards the region with the endless continents. There were tens of thousands of these Immortals.

There was an incredibly huge Rune on one of the floating continents. At that moment, there were thousands of people defending it by meditating on it. Among them were three old men with incredibly great power, and they were sitting at the center of the Rune.

With each Relocation, these thousands of people would instantly become older. Quite a large number of them would instantly turn into ashes, but new people would immediately take their place and offer up their lives to keep the Rune running. And so they would continue sending their warriors to the land of Berserkers.

As booming sounds echoed in the land of Berserkers due to Su Ming, the Rune in the world shone. Even if cracks appeared, they instantly recovered under that light from the Rune as thousands of people continued suppressing it.

As the Rune continued running, more Immortals rushed into it and were swiftly Relocated.

"Shatter!"

Su Ming's roar sounded as if it could tear apart space it as it rang in the world of Berserkers. His body shot through the air like a black shooting star. At the instant he crashed into the Rune, it started shaking violently.

But it did not shatter!

Su Ming lifted his head and let out a roar. He shot into the Immortals' crowd, and as he charged through their midst, all the Immortals were unable to resist his attack wherever he went. From the distance, the blood that gushed out where Su Ming passed through looked like a blood dragon, and Su Ming was the dragon's head that was causing more and more blood to flow.

After making a circle, Su Ming brought with him the blood that had been spilled by all the people he killed and surrounded himself with it. At the moment the blood dragon was formed, he charged towards Yin Death Vortex.

"With the Immortals' fresh blood, I summon the aura coming from Yin Death Fog. All of you whom I can sense… are you willing to lend me the aura of death to destroy the Immortals' Rune?!" Su Ming stopped before Yin Death Vortex, while the fresh blood around him charged into it.

Muffled excited roars immediately came from the vortex. Black aquatic dragons showed up and sucked in a portion of that fresh blood. More strange beasts then manifested in the fog and started devouring madly.

At the instant Su Ming became a Berserker in Life Cultivation Realm, not only did he sense the endless amounts of voices calling to him from the land of Immortals, but he also sensed the endless ferocious spirits within the fog in Yin Death Vortex, which existed between the land of Berserkers and Immortals. These ferocious spirits were formed by the aura of death, and that was the source as well as the end of all deaths in the land of Berserkers!

When the ferocious spirits devoured the Immortals' blood, dark light appeared in their eyes, and all of them charged out of Yin Death Fog towards Su Ming.

There were a large number of Aquatic Dragons among these ferocious spirits, as well as other strange life forms. Yet no matter what shape they took, once they flew out, they turned into wisps of black smoke that surrounded Su Ming. They enveloped him in black smoke that stretched to tens of thousands of feet!

"The Immortals' Rune which they use to descend… Shatter!" Su Ming took a step forward and closed in on the Immortals' Rune, then lifted his right hand and hurled his first towards that Rune!

At the instant that punch landed, the aura of death that spanned an area that was even wider than ten thousand feet shot forward with the fist. The Rune let out a loud boom that had never come from it before, and the thousands of people defending the Rune on the Immortals' continent let out shrill screams of pain, then coughed up blood at the same time. Black smoke surrounded them, and the Curse caused their bodies to decay. The three old men at the center shuddered, and at the moment a large amount of black patches appeared on their skin, the Rune under their bodies exploded with a bang.

At the same time the Immortals' Rune exploded, Su Ming's fist landed on the Rune and caused it to be torn into pieces. A violent wave of impact instantly swept through the entire area.

Near a thousand people who were still descending through the Rune let out shrill screams of pain that were filled with their unwillingness to admit defeat as they shattered into pieces.

Yet the moment the Rune shattered… three more instantly appeared in the sky, and together with the Rune that had not been yet destroyed, they started shining with a brilliant light, and more Immortals descended. It was as if the Immortals were launching a counterattack towards Su Ming for destroying one of their Runes!

Su Ming felt a strange impulse at this moment. It came from the connection that felt as if it had now gained physical form within him. It tied him to Great Yu Imperial Palace, and he had a feeling that… if he just summoned it, the city would appear and respond to his call!

"Great Yu Imperial City!"

At the instant these four words tumbled out of Su Ming's mouth, a loud bang immediately rang out in Su Ming's heart and soul.

An infinite amount of freezing air erupted madly from within the whirlpool that spanned tens of thousands of feet in the Berserker's Dead Sea. That air could freeze the universe, and as it exploded, the entire Dead Sea instantly stopped howling.

A… city so great that it was difficult to describe with words appeared after it had been buried for ages!

It was Great Yu Imperial City!

The Berserkers' holy land!
