# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 692

At the instant Ji An left, a large amount of Immortals' blood flew into the sky towards Great Yu Imperial City and scattered on the ice, causing a large portion of the ice to melt.

The more it melted, the stronger became the mighty pressure spreading out from it, and the stronger the pressure was, the more powerful grew the laws in the world of Berserkers. This was a cycle, and one that was built upon the Immortals. It made all the Immortals that descended to the land of Berserkers be continuously oppressed and weakened.

Because of that, the Berserkers' slaughter filled with even greater madness.

Su Ming did not join in the slaughter too much. He lifted his head and looked towards the four Runes which had stopped operating once Great Yu Imperial City rose up. This was not due to the pressure caused by the city, but due to the Immortals in their land becoming hesitant.

The slaughter continued, and shrill screams of pain reverberated in the air. The whole world filled with a bloody stench, and the Immortals' blood was continuously swept into the sky, as their bodies were destroyed, becoming a part of what would melt Great Yu Imperial City.

The large amount of blood caused the ice on Great Yu Imperial City to be dyed in crimson, and the speed at which it melted increased.

At that moment, the four Runes that sent the Immortals to this place suddenly started flashing after remaining silent for a moment. In an instant, that light grew much stronger, and more people descended swiftly.

Once these people came down, nearly ten thousand Immortals let out a powerful presence from their bodies. At the instant they revealed themselves, their powerful presence immediately froze, as if an invisible hand was pushing down on them. It caused their presence to spread out and so be reduced, and the power they could bring forth in the land was now limited to about the beginning stage of Ascendance.

This was the Berserkers' kismet, its law, its soul, its Great Yu Imperial City, and its people's evolution in their blood affecting the power of the law within the world of Berserkers!

At the same time, Berserkers from smaller tribes and scattered groups of people continuously charged towards the place from all directions in the form of long arcs. They could sense the blood boiling in their veins and their cultivation bases erupting. They saw Great Yu Imperial City, and based on their blood's guidance, they all arrived to join the war.

Su Ming took a step forward. The black smoke around him gathered swiftly to turn into an armor, and he seized the air with his right hand. Purple fog appeared out of thin air and turned into… the Undertaker of Evil's Spear in his hand!

He seized the spear, and as the murderous aura all over his body surged into the sky, he took a step forward. The world rumbled at that instant, and an illusory foot manifested in the air. This was Su Ming's God of Berserkers' Seven Steps!

He took seven steps in succession, and the seven gigantic illusory feet instantly fused together to turn into a scene that seemed as if a giant was walking high above. Its foot stomped on the near ten thousand Immortals who had descended from the sky.

As violent booming sounds reverberated in the air, Su Ming turned into a long arc and charged into the crowd. Not a single Immortal could make him pause for even a single instant wherever he went.

This was a massacre where there was a huge disparity in power between the two sides. It could be said that Su Ming, who had stepped in the Life Cultivation Realm and reached the initial stage of Life Matrix… was invincible in the world of Berserkers!

This sort of invincibility might have several causes, but the most obvious one was that there was a law suppressing the Immortals. No matter what, at that moment, Su Ming… was invincible!

Even if there were people who could dominate Su Ming in terms of power in the world of Immortals, but when they were in the world of Berserkers, they would be limited by the law. It would then be difficult for them to defend against even a casual strike from Su Ming.

The Undertaker of Evil's Spear swept through the land, and as Su Ming moved forward, he pierced through the center of an old Immortal's brows. An unwillingness to accept defeat and despair appeared on the old man's face, which was born from him being a cultivator who had arrived at the Second Step. He believed that if he was in the land of Immortals, this person would definitely not be able to kill him, but in this place… he could only swallow his hate.

Su Ming flung his Undertaker of Evil's Spear, and the old man's body immediately shattered. His blood then charged towards the ice encasing Great Yu Imperial Palace. Su Ming took a step forward, and without even looking back, he seized the air behind him with his left hand.

A middle-aged man who was charging towards him from behind in an attempt to kill him felt an intense pain coming from his neck. He could not breath, and this was because Su Ming's left hand was like a clamp that had seized him up. Without even a moment of hesitation, Su Ming squeezed harder, and with a bang, the middle-aged man's head exploded. The aura of death from Su Ming's body surged into that man's corpse and destroyed his Nascent Divinity as well as his soul.

As Su Ming continued with his slaughter, the Immortals fought back violently. The bloody stench in the world was so thick that it was difficult to describe it with words. The only thing that could be said was that the ground was red. Besides the vortex in the sky, everything that the people could see… was red.

"Kill them!" Su Ming swung the Undertaker of Evil's Spear before him, and it let out a series of loud booming sounds which resulted in a huge number of Immortals bodies crumbling and disintegrating wherever it went.

The scenes of Su Ming's slaughter greatly stimulated the Berserkers. His invincibility made all the Berserkers let out excited roars.

They wanted to kill all the Immortals and chase them completely out of the land of Berserkers!

"God of Berserkers!"

"God of Berserkers!"

Such roars reverberated in the air and shook the sky and earth. The entire battlefield looked as if it had turned into hell.

During that instant, the four Runes in the vortex in the sky let out a powerful ray of light once again. However, this time, the number of Immortals who descended was not as high as before; there were only about seven thousand of them. Their power was immediately suppressed by the law in the world of Berserkers from the moment they arrived, so they could only show power that was around the Ascendant stage. In other words, they were… absolutely not Su Ming's opponent.

With an unparalleled presence, Su Ming swept through the battlefield and brought with him an infinite amount of blood to melt the ice on Great Yu Imperial City. At that moment, Su Ming's presence was matchless.

However, the Berserkers' enemies were the Immortals. The depth of their power was not something the Berserkers could compare to. Even though Immortals had been unable to make all worlds worship them as the Berserkers had done, but they still existed to this date and continued to be strong while the Berserkers had reached an extreme state of decline. If Su Ming had not appeared, they would not have been able to rise to power at all.

They could only slowly lose their blood inheritance, being like the orchid cactus, which can only bloom once in its lifetime.

Almost at the instant Su Ming lifted the Undertaker of Evil's Spear with his right hand and threw it towards the seven thousand Immortals who descended from the Rune, that spear turned into a violent dragon that charged towards them. But at that instant, right when Su Ming was about to move forward, in an incredibly strange fashion, he… suddenly froze!

The Undertaker of Evil's Armor, which was formed from black smoke, immediately exploded. Blood trickled down the corners of Su Ming's mouth, and a sharp pain that was almost unbearable came from his chest.

That pain appeared incredibly suddenly, and Su Ming was completely unprepared for it. He felt as if there was a needle piercing his body, attempting to stab him through the heart.

Veins popped up on Su Ming's face. As his body shivered, he lifted his head swiftly upwards and glared at Yin Death Vortex. He could clearly sense that no one around had ambushed him. This strange pain seemed to have appeared out of nowhere.

Almost at the instant the pain in his chest begun, Su Ming experienced an even greater pain at the center of his brows. It was as if a needle had pierced through the spot between his brows and stabbed his brain!

Su Ming trembled, but the two waves of pain did not disappear. The unbearable sensation spread to his arms, and even his legs. The pain was like a tidal wave that submerged him, and it infuriated him.

He coughed up a huge mouthful of blood and staggered backwards. His sudden change stunned all the Berserkers who saw it, while crazed delight rose within all the Immortals.

The numerous Immortals in the sky charged towards Su Ming without any hesitation. Booming sounds echoed in the air, and their divine abilities crashed into Su Ming's body. His face turn pale, and he coughed up blood once again. He retreated, but just as he was about to retaliate, a sharp pain that far surpassed what he had experienced just then came from his Dantian region!

It was as if a hand had reached deep into his stomach and yanked his organs in an attempt to drag them out of his body. Sweat drenched Su Ming's body, and even his consciousness became unclear.

The Immortals around him started executing their divine abilities once again in the midst of both excitement and ferociousness. At that instant, a figure flashed next to Su Ming, and his eldest senior brother stood in front of him with a gigantic axe in his hand. Like a huge mountain, he blocked all the divine abilities that were coming for Su Ming.

Blood continued trickling down the corners of Su Ming's mouth. This sudden incident could change the whole situation in the battlefield. Berserkers' anxiety gave Immortals time to regain their bearings and gain momentum despite them having suffered huge losses moments before, and they launched their counterattack.

"World of Berserkers' kismet, Yin Death Aura!" Su Ming bit the tip of his tongue and forced himself to regain consciousness. He lifted his right hand and pushed against the ground, then pointed towards Yin Death Vortex with his left hand.

"Who was the one… who injured me?!" Su Ming let out a shocking roar that shook the sky and earth. At that moment, his power in the initial stage of Life Matrix erupted with a bang.

Su Ming closed his eyes, and a shadow separated from his body. That shadow was the soul of his will, and it was something that only those who had reached Life Cultivation could do!

When Su Ming's Atman appeared, Eastern Wastelands, the islands in South Morning, Northern Province, the Alliance of the Western Region, and the Dead Sea started showing the gray shade of decay. During that instant, a large amount of life force from the land was extracted by the world of Berserkers' kismet and charged towards Su Ming, then surged into his body through his right hand, which was directed to the ground, towards his Atman.

An infinite and boundless amount of aura of death charged down from Yin Death Vortex, fusing into Su Ming's Atman through his left hand. The Atman charged into Yin Death Vortex while bringing with it black smoke and the world of Berserkers' kismet. With a bang, he shot through it.

'Who injured me?!' That sharp pain drove Su Ming deeper into madness. The Atman he had sent out brought with him his killing intent and his madness as it shot out through the vortex over Yin Death Region based on a faint trace.

He appeared... in the Immortals' galaxy.

He did not stop there. At the instant the black aura of death around started rapidly evaporating, the Atman shot through the endless boundaries and saw an infinite amount of continents in the distance, and he also saw tens of thousands of Immortals.

But they could not see him!

Su Ming had a strong feeling that the source of the pain was right before him!
