# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 693

Su Ming could see the Immortals' galaxy, could see the endless amounts of continents floating there, and could also see the innumerable Immortals on these continents as well as the flashing Runes.

His Atman felt a sharp pain, and a large amount of aura of death enveloped his body. At that moment, as Su Ming charged forward, large quantities of that aura of death were scattering away. It did not matter to him though, for he was filled with madness. He wanted to see just what was the source of his pain.

His Atman shot through the continents. He could see numerous altars on the various continents in the place, and on each of these altars was a corpse.

He also saw more than a dozen Runes. All of them were letting out waves of Relocation, but there were only four that were letting out a piercing light.

He saw thousands of people sitting on the four flashing Runes, and he also saw Immortals continuously stepping into these Runes and getting Relocated.

However, these were not the source of his pain. Once Su Ming's Atman swept through the place, he charged towards the depths of the region of floating continents in the galaxy.

Perhaps a long time had passed since then, but perhaps it was only the blink of an eye before the largest continent appeared in front of Su Ming. That continent far surpassed the others in size, and it was the most astonishing region of them all. There was only one gigantic altar there.

Su Ming could vaguely see a person lying on that altar.

This was not the first time he had come to this place. When he killed Si Ma Xin all those years ago, he had come here, but had been unable to see the area clearly. However, now that he was here again, he could see more than he did in the past, and everything was also clearer.

He saw a mighty pressure that could not be described with words spreading out from that lofty altar. And there was also an endless amount of powerful seals surrounding the area, as if the person in the seal was incredibly important to the Immortals, but they were also extremely wary of him, which was why they had placed all those layers of seals around the place.

In fact, Su Ming could even see that the continents in the galaxy were grouped together to form a gigantic galactic Rune, and at the center of that Rune was this place - the biggest continent in the area with only one altar with layers of seals placed on the person lying on the altar!

Su Ming was too far away and could not see the person's face clearly, but at the instant the Atman saw that person, a storm immediately started raging in his heart.

A summon. It was an incredibly powerful summon. The strength of that call almost made Su Ming's soul shatter. It was as if the person lying on the altar was even more important than his own life.

Under that powerful summon, Su Ming immediately sensed that the source of his pain was over there!

The Atman charged forward, and as he closed in, he saw that the person who was calling to him was not the only one on that altar. There were three other middle-aged men standing beside him.

These three people stood around the person calmly, but they gave Su Ming a feeling as if they were ancient, ferocious beasts. It was as if the entire galaxy was trembling because of them, and a mighty presence that almost made Su Ming suffocate surrounded the area.

These three people were dressed in white, black, and red respectively. The middle-aged man in white was holding a black needle in his right hand, and there was a transparent bottle in his left.

There was red liquid inside the bottle, and it looked like blood.

At the instant Su Ming closed in, he saw the man in white pushing the needle deep into the bottle, and once some of that red blood stained the needle, he brought it out and stabbed the sealed person between his brows.

Instantly, Su Ming felt a sharp pain at the center of his brows, and his Atman shuddered violently, as if it was about to disintegrate. At the instant that man stabbed the sealed person, Su Ming finally saw the appearance of that person on the altar.

A loud bang that was strong enough to shatter Su Ming rang out in his heart.

The sealed person was a young teenage boy of about eighteen to nineteen years old. He was dressed in a sackcloth, and his face was as pale as that of a dead person, or perhaps it would be more apt to say that this was a dead person, a corpse.

He was incredibly thin and feeble. His pale skin and shut eyes gave people a feeling of a naive child from the mortal world.

There were black needles embedded deep into the center of his brows, his chest, his limbs, and his Dantian region, but that was not all. Besides these spots where black needles could be found, there were also a hundred something white needles on his body.

At the instant Su Ming saw this boy, his Atman shuddered. These shivers came straight from the depths of his soul, and it was as if… he was one with this corpse. It was as if… as long as his Atman could fuse into that corpse, then the corpse could open its eyes, and the boy… would be revived!

The boy's appearance was also… incredibly similar to Su Ming's!

'He's me…'

This thought swiftly rose up in Su Ming's mind. He could also sense a hint of familiarity with the blood in the black needles, and that familiarity seemed like a faint voice addressing him as big brother.

At that moment, right when Su Ming saw everything, the three people standing beside the corpse lifted their heads, and their gazes fell on the spot where Su Ming's Atman was.

Su Ming could not see their faces clearly, because the presence spreading out from the trio's bodies was too great, but at the instant they lifted their heads to look at him, Su Ming immediately sensed… Di Tian's presence from the man in white's gaze!

He did not have time to see more. A bang resounded in the air, and Su Ming's Atman disintegrated, disappearing in the Immortals' galaxy.

At the instant his Atman vanished, Su Ming swiftly opened his eyes in the world of Berserkers. Right before him was his eldest senior brother, and before him were thousands of Immortals charging towards them with ferocious looks on their faces.

The disappearance of that trace of the Atman affected Su Ming, but this effect was not great. He could recover after taking some time to heal and nurture himself. Yet that trace of his Atman had been able to see everything, and so there was a dazed expression on his face when he opened his eyes.

He had finally obtained the answer to the final question in his heart!

The boy on the altar was him. He was the baby from all those years ago. However, while that baby might have been dead, if anyone looked at him from another angle, he was also not a dead person.

Over the years, this dead infant had slowly grown up into a teenager, and this was enough proof to show that there were mysteries within him that perhaps other people were unable to fully comprehend.

But he was still dead, because his soul was no longer in his body, but was in…

'Yin Death Region!'

Su Ming trembled. The dazed look in his eyes disappeared, replaced by clarity, as well as madness. He understood now. That boy was him, and Su Ming himself was currently… just a soul!

He was a soul that was sent to Yin Death Region!

When he combined all the memories he'd restored, a clear picture appeared in Su Ming's head.

When Di Tian brought the two babies out of the land of Berserkers all those years ago, the Immortals saw their uniqueness in the land of Immortals. One of them was the older brother, and the other was the little sister.

Since the little sister gradually grew up, she was taken away. No one knew where she went, and the only clue about her whereabouts was Dao Chen.

The older brother was left behind in the endless darkness and could only lie quietly while madness fueled his rage. He could stop the endless amount of Immortals from using his body to practice their cultivation.

In the end, everything within his body was discovered, and they found out that a soul had appeared in his body. Once this change happened, his soul was slowly extracted as he grew up. Perhaps they could not destroy it, but it could also be that if his soul died, it would be impossible for his body to retain that aspect that made him so interesting to the Immortals.

That was probably why his soul was not killed, but was instead sent into Yin Death Region to be doomed for eternity!

Perhaps it was at this moment that Di Tian saw the uniqueness of that soul and executed that long-term plan of his!

Su Ming understood all of this at that moment.

'I will leave Yin Death Region, return to the land of Immortals, fuse with my real body, and… open my eyes!' Su Ming's expression turned dark. With madness and a hint of grief on his face, he started laughing brokenly once he understood everything.

That laughter contained his hate towards the Immortals, his determination to fight against destiny, and his desire to overturn the universe.

A roar left Su Ming's mouth, revealing his fury. He stood up from his seated position. The pain was still spreading through his body, continuously surging like a tidal wave to the rest of his body in an attempt to drown him completely.

"You strike my physical body so that you can destroy my soul… but even if you crush my body, you won't be able to truly wipe away my soul from Yin Death Region!

"Because we are in different worlds. You are in Bright Yang, and I am in Yin Death!

"This pain is nothing!"

Su Ming lifted his head and roared as his body trembled. The pain turned into madness within him. His eldest senior brother was fighting against thousands of Immortals before him, and with bloodshot eyes and immense pain, Su Ming shot forward.

Kill. He would bring forth a massacre so great that it would surge into the sky, draining away the pain in his body. Only by murdering could Su Ming make people pay with their deaths for the pain he had to suffer.

Only…

"Kill them!" With a roar and bloodshot eyes, Su Ming charged into the Immortals' army. Wherever he went, not a single Immortal could put up a fight against him.

With his invincible power in the land of Berserkers, he killed all Immortals who had most of their power limited when they descended to this place. Blood rain poured down from the sky and fell to the ground, causing the entire region to turn into a bloody hell.

Su Ming turned his pain into infinite slaughter. He drenched his body in the Immortals' lives and blood to drain away his suffering.

Su Ming lifted his right hand and threw a punch forward. Immediately, a female cultivator before him widened her eyes. She collapsed, unable to fend against Su Ming's power of Life Cultivator. As her blood spilled into the air, Su Ming took a step forward and opened his mouth to let out the God of Berserkers' roar!

That roar reverberated in the air and shook space itself, so much that distortions appeared within it.

The sound echoed in the hearts of all Immortals before Su Ming, and tremors caused by these booms wrecked their bodies so badly that they started bleeding from their eyes, nose, ears, and mouth, and they also became dazed.
