# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 694

"Where did I come from..?"

Su Ming waved his arm, and a loud bang immediately reverberated in the air before him. A sea of fire started up there, and from the distance it looked as if most of the world had been engulfed in flames.

"Why was I dead when I appeared..?"

Su Ming's eyes were bloodshot. He lifted his left hand and formed a seal before he pointed it forward. Immediately, the space in front of him shattered, and cracks swiftly spread out. Wherever they traveled, the bodies of all Immortals in their way would be torn apart in the places where the cracks went through them.

"Do I have any other fellow members of my race..?"

Su Ming leaped up, and as his expression twisted, veins popped up on his face. The pain in his body made him descend further into madness, and the more violent the pain inside him grew, the more frenzied his killing would become. He used this method to fight back the unbearable sensations.

Pain can make a person crumble. This is common knowledge.

But pain can also make a person go mad, and this was an overthrow!

"Do I… have parents?!"

With a roar, Su Ming charged forward and rammed his head against an old Immortal's body. This old man, whose level of cultivation was at the Second Step when he was in the land of Immortals, was now as brittle as paper. Once Su Ming rammed his head against the man's forehead, that person's head exploded and scattered like paste. His body fell to the ground, and his Nascent Divinity was instantly destroyed.

"Do I… have a home?!"

Su Ming seized an Immortal before him, and in his pain induced madness, he tore apart that Immortal's body.

"For what reason was I alive?!"

Wherever Su Ming went, blood would turn into drops of rain, and the amount of blood he shed was enough to shock the Berserkers. They roared excitedly when he passed through and then would resume killing the Immortals in a frenzy.

"If you cause me pain, then I will strike back and take several times the amount of lives from your people!"

Su Ming lifted his right hand, and the Undertaker of Evil's Spear manifested in the air. After he threw it out, a bang rang out, and shrill screams of pain reverberated in the air.

Right at that moment, the four Relocation Runes in the sky started shining with a piercing light once more. Thousands of Immortals descended, and once their bodies rapidly gained corporeal form, four powerful rays of light erupted from within the Runes. Two of them charged towards the ground and crashed into the invisible barrier Su Ming had placed there. The barrier instantly shattered, allow the Immortals on the ground to fly up.

The other two rays of light charged towards Su Ming and closed in on him in an instant. Su Ming whipped his head around, lifted his right hand, and seized the first ray through the air.

Booming sounds surged into the sky. That ray of light instantly distorted and shattered. However, the second ray of light shot through and crashed into Su Ming's body.

Su Ming staggered a hundred something feet backwards. Blood trickled down the corners of his lips, but the crimson glare in his eyes only grew stronger. Immediately after, the thousands of Immortals who had just descended charged towards Su Ming.

Once the barrier on the ground shattered, all the Immortals fighting against Berserkers on the ground instantly flew up, causing the battlefield to swiftly expand.

Su Ming continued killing. All the Berserkers let out roars that signaled their rise in power as they killed. Right then, the war had developed to a point where both sides would not cease to fight until one of them perished completely.

It would either be the Berserkers being completely wiped off, or the Immortals giving up on descending to their world. From then on, they would vanish from the world of Berserkers, and all those quietly remaining would wait for their deaths.

With a punch, Su Ming broke space itself. The ripples that spread out wrecked all the Immortals around him with tremors. He lifted his left hand and seized the air. Immediately, three Immortals were caught in the direction of his left hand. As they let out screams of despair, their bodies crumbled.

A large amount of blood was swept up from all directions of the battlefield to charge up, towards Great Yu Imperial City, and the ice on the city begun to rapidly melt. In fact, some of the areas in the city were already exposed to the air.

Once Su Ming seized these Immortals with his hand, he swiftly turned around and lifted his right index finger, pointing at a powerful gust of wind that was charging towards him from the side. Before his finger landed, Su Ming saw the person who was trying to lay an ambush on him.

That was… Jingnan!

In Su Ming's memories, the Sect Master in the land of Berserkers' Hidden Dragon Sect was the Elder of Wind Stream Tribe - Jing Nan!

"From now on, you will be wiped away from my memories!"

Red filled Su Ming's eyes. His voice was as cold and biting as the winds in winter. By the time the words fell into Jingnan's ears, Su Ming had already tapped the center of the man's brows with his right index finger.

With a bang, Jingnan crumbled and died.

"Su Ming!" a furious roar came from the crowd. It was Chenchong, who was Chen Chong in his memories!

He was a prodigy of Wind Stream Tribe. At that moment, when he saw Su Ming killing Jingnan, sorrow appeared on his face, and he charged towards Su Ming. When he closed in, he lifted his right hand and seized the air. Immediately, a jewel-encrusted purification vase appeared in his hand.

"If you attack me, you will also be wiped away from my memories. " As Su Ming stated that flatly, Chenchong closed in on him. When he lifted the vase in his hand, a gust of freezing wind shot out from the mouth of the bottle. That wind brought with it moaning sounds and sharp whistles which swept through the area and charged at Su Ming without even the slightest bit of hesitation.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. In silence, he lifted his right hand and pushed against the incoming wind, moving straight through it until he pressed his hand against the vase. The vase trembled and immediately shattered to pieces before falling backwards. However, it could not move faster than Su Ming's right hand. It shot straight through the vase and seized Chenchong's throat.

The great disparity between their power caused Su Ming to easily be able to kill Chenchong.

"You're seeking death?"

Su Ming looked at Wind Stream Tribe's prodigy in his hands as he held onto Chenchong's throat. This person had been surrounded by people in the past, while Su Ming had only been able to watch by the side.

"So what if I am? You've already killed so many Immortals, why would it matter to you if you killed me as well? Su Ming, you're no longer the same as you were in Dark Mountain, you…" Su Ming tightened his grip, and with a crack, Chenchong died before he could finish his words. Su Ming's great power also destroyed his Nascent Divinity.

"Don't speak of Dark Mountain before me… You are not worthy!" Su Ming let go of his hand, and his gaze fell on the area around him. He saw the faces from his memories among the Immortals, and they were all staring at him coldly at that moment.

There were also some of them who had complicated looks mixed with the cold glares in their eyes. Those came from Wu La, Chen Xin, Bei Ling, and Nan Song…

"You've killed Chenchong and Jingnan… then kill us as well!" The person who said these words was Lei Su. In Su Ming's memories, she was Bai Ling's grandmother.

The old woman swiftly shot out from the fighting crowd, and with a ferocious look on her face that was full of mixed feelings, hatred among them, she charged towards Su Ming.

Su Ming fell silent. At the instant Lei Su closed in on him, he lifted his right hand and pointed at her. Then, before the old woman could even manage to get close, she shuddered and her head exploded. She died, just like that.

At the moment all the people in Su Ming's memories saw Lei Su die, they fell silent in this blood-filled war zone, just like Su Ming.

He lifted his head and swept his gaze across the land. A crease suddenly appeared between his brows, and with a cold harrumph, he took a step backwards. With it, he immediately crashed into a person who had suddenly appeared behind him.

A shrill scream of pain reverberated in the air. Sky Mist's ancestor appeared behind Su Ming, and his body was torn into shreds. Clearly, when he had been knocked into, his life force had been completely shattered.

"Sky Mist's ancestor." Su Ming lifted his left hand and seized the air in the direction of the nearly dead, retreating old man. Immediately, that old man's body started twisting, and he coughed up blood. Then, he charged towards Su Ming's left hand, and Su Ming grabbed him by the chest.

"Su Ming!"

Right at that moment, two long arcs came from the battlefield. They were… Tian Lan Meng and Tian Lan You. The two of them closed in swiftly. The person who called out Su Ming's name was Tian Lan Meng. As for Tian Lan You, she was charging forward with an apathetic look on her face, looking like a moth rushing into flames as she rushed towards Su Ming.

Su Ming cast a glance at Tian Lan Meng and his left hand froze for a moment before he crushed Sky Mist's ancestor's chest. His heart and his Nascent Divinity were crushed at the same time.

Tian Lan Meng's face turned pale. She took a few staggering steps back. During that moment, Tian Lan You closed in on Su Ming. As she lifted her right hand, she formed a seal and pointed forward.

With a cold look on his face, Su Ming lifted his right hand and seized Tian Lan You's hand at the moment she closed in on him. Then, with a one push upwards, a crack tore through the air, and Tian Lan You's right hand twisted, and it was shattered instantly.

Cold sweat broke out on Tian Lan You's forehead, but she gritted her teeth and did not let a single sound escape her lips.

"Sky Mist's ancestor injured me in the past, and I wanted to kill him. As for you two…" Su Ming cast a glance at Tian Lan Meng and let go of Tian Lan You's hand. With a swing of his arm, the woman was flung several hundreds of feet backwards. She fell back to Tian Lan Meng's side with a pale face.

"You're on your own now!"

"And all of you as well…" Su Ming swept his gaze past the faces in his memories. "I will let you leave today, and from now onwards, we will be strangers!" Su Ming appeared right before Evil Dust Sect's Sikong, who trembled at his approach, and tapped the center of his brows.

"But that doesn't include you."

Su Ming took another step forward. This time, he appeared right before Bi'su. The woman's expression changed and she started retreating. With an expressionless face, he pointed forward, and as Bi'su let out a shrill scream of pain, her body torn to shreds.

"It doesn't include you either."

Su Ming turned around and looked at Bi'su's older brother - Evil Immortal Sect's Bisu. The man's face instantly turned pale, but in a fit of savagery, he chose to self-destruct. Clearly, he wanted to use the power he could bring out by self-destructing to injure Su Ming, even if it meant he would have to die in the process.

However, before he could even finish self-destructing, Su Ming had already walked past him, separating his head from his body.

"And you, too."

Su Ming appeared right in front of Bitu. This man had been Black Mountain Tribe's Elder in the past, and was the Sect Master of Blood Lust Sect in the land of Berserkers. At this moment, he did not stand a chance before Su Ming.
