# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 695

The world roared. The four Runes in the vortex started rotating again, and thousands more of Immortals descended. The ice on Great Yu Imperial City had already mostly melted, and as it did so, a large amount of cold wind spread out, causing the temperature in the area to drop by a large margin once again.

The fighting continued, and there was also quite a large number of Berserkers who had died. This was a battle that caused both sides to descend into madness. After all, Immortals' power was slightly higher overall than that of Berserkers. If it was not because of the limitations set by the laws in the world of Berserkers, not because the Berserkers' level of cultivation had risen due to the Su Ming's existence, and not because Su Ming's eldest senior brother had sent out his Shaman Souls in the battlefield, then it would have been very difficult for the Berserkers to win this battle.

Yet fortunately, as the war continued, more Berserkers arrived due to the calling of their blood and joined the battle. It made the devastation brought by this fight become increasingly higher.

Su Ming was an invincible force among the Berserkers. Since he was someone who had reached the Life Cultivation Realm, none of the Immortals whose power was limited to only the Ascendant level were his opponent. More importantly, as the ice on the Great Yu Imperial City continued melting, the laws in the world of Berserkers became stronger.

Because of that, even if the Immortals continued sending people downwards, it was still becoming incredibly hard for them to win, unless… they could send nearly a hundred thousand Immortals in one go. Only then would there be a possibility for them to turn the tides of this war.

But that was impossible. The difference in the price they had to pay between sending thousands of Immortals in different batches and sending nearly a hundred thousand in one go was huge, and this price was not something the Immortals were readily able to accept.

After sending thousands of Immortals, the Runes in the sky stopped flashing for a long time. The Immortals that were sent during the last dispatch also numbered less than two thousand.

The battle continued. The Berserkers' madness and the Immortals' despair caused the battle to slowly turn in favor towards the Berserkers. However, it did not matter whether it was the Immortals, the Berserkers, or even Su Ming, they were all filled with deep fatigue. If the Berserkers had not been joining the fray in continuous streams, their fatigue would have become worse.

At that moment, two thirds of Great Yu Imperial City had already melted. Besides a small portion that was still encased in ice, many other spots were now completely free.

Su Ming's whole body was drenched in blood. Most of it belonged to Immortals, but some were his own as well. He did not know how many Immortals he had killed; he could no longer count the number.

His breathing was ragged. There was evident fatigue in the red of his eyes. However, the battle continued, and so Su Ming could not stop. Besides, the pain in his body had yet to go away. It was still battering against his will to persevere. Su Ming did not retreat under this fatigue as well as the torment dealt on him by the pain. Instead, he endured everything and went on fighting in this war that seemed to have no end.

The Berserkers had gained a huge upper hand. There were less than twenty thousand Immortals left, and they were all surrounded by the Berserkers who were intending to whittle away their numbers from the edges bit by bit until they were all destroyed. At that moment, the Runes that had not shone for a long time suddenly burst forth with piercing light.

Once they did that, Su Ming looked over, and his pupils shrank.

He saw one of the four Runes shattering, and as it crumbled, the light from the Rune spread out, then was absorbed by the other three Runes.

At the same time, two more Runes exploded, and once their light was absorbed by the last remaining one, the light shining from it became brighter than ever before.

That light shot through everything, like a sun that was suddenly hung high in the sky. A presence that even Su Ming found terrifying spread out from that one and only remaining Rune.

The Immortals had destroyed their own Runes to gather together a power that would deliver a shocking Relocation. Clearly, this was the strongest power the Immortals had prepared for this battle, in a situation where they would not send a hundred thousand Immortals in one go.

If they were sending a person over, then this person would surely possess an item that would not be oppressed by the laws in the world of Berserkers. He would also possess a power that could completely suppress Su Ming.

If they were not sending a person over but were sending a treasure, then that treasure would surely be something astonishing and extraordinary.

Hope rekindled itself in the Immortals who were full of fatigue and despair. With loud cries, they rushed out and looked at the only Rune in the sky, which was also their only hope.

Su Ming leaped up. Right before the Immortals and Berserkers' eyes, he moved through the air and stopped right above Great Yu Imperial City's palace, looking at the only Rune in the sky.

The light from the Rune grew stronger, becoming the strongest light in the world of Berserkers. Then, a terrifying, destructive presence descended and spread out.

Then two other presences equal in power erupted right after.

"By the orders of the Immortals, the three punishments of heaven, earth, and man will descend and suppress the Berserkers!" a loud voice as great as the might of heaven itself came from the Rune. However, that voice was not clear, but rather indistinct. Clearly, these words were not spoken in the land of Berserkers, but had come from the land of Immortals through the Rune.

Almost at the instant that voice reverberated in the air, the first destructive presence exploded. A gray pillar of light appeared and shot out of the Rune.

That gray pillar of light was actually a long arc. Within it was a stone that was about the size of a head. That stone was heavily riddled with holes, because of which it stirred up piercing sounds while sliced through the air.

Its speed was inconceivable, and its mighty pressure brought with it a power that could destroy the world. It was clearly no longer that of Ascendance. It… had already surpassed the Ascendant stage and even made Su Ming, who was in Life Cultivation Realm, feel terrified of it. Clearly… this was either an Enchanted Treasure that possessed power that was at the pinnacle of the Second Step or a priceless treasure containing the power of the Third Step.

This item was also not suppressed by the laws of the world of Berserkers, and neither were there any of the Berserkers' priceless treasures coming forth to stop it. This was a telling sign that Immortals had used some sort of method to be able to make this item descend with its complete power!

The stone that was about the size of a head in that long gray arc sliced through the sky, but it was not... traveling towards Su Ming!

It was… instead charging towards the strongest person beside Su Ming in the land of Berserkers – Su Ming's eldest senior brother who had beheaded himself, Xing Gan!

That stone moved so quickly that not even Su Ming could stop it. With a bang, the stone appeared right above eldest senior brother. A glint appeared in the man's eyes, which were located on his chest. With the battle axe in hand, he charged out and sliced towards the incoming stone.

Yet almost at the instant he lifted his axe, the gray stone exploded with a bang. A gray ray of light spread out and covered the area of several thousands of feet.

There were Immortals, Berserkers, and Su Ming's eldest senior brother within those thousands of feet. As that light spread out, eldest senior brother was the first to be covered in it, and once his battle axe was enveloped in that gray light, the man was immediately petrified!

His body instantly turned into a stone statue in front of everyone's eyes!

And this happened not to him alone All the people within those thousands of feet, no matter whether they were Immortals or Berserkers, turned into statues at the instant that stone exploded and the gray light spread out.

The people retained their previous poses and expressions as they became statues, existences that would bring shock to all those who saw them, in the land of Berserkers.

This was the suppression the Immortals chose to deliver to the Berserkers' uprising.

"Eldest senior brother!"

Anger raged violently in Su Ming's eyes. He took a step forward, but just as he was about to arrive beside his eldest senior brother's statue, another presence that possessed a destructive power that could destroy the world left the Rune in the sky.

It was… a human head!

It was a gigantic human head that looked like it belonged to a giant. There was black blood flowing out of its eyes, and his hair was a mess, but even after death, there was a savage and crazed presence to that head.

There was also a familiarity to it which made Su Ming and all the Berserkers' hearts tremble. It was a Berserker's presence, for that was… the head of the God of Berserkers!

"Second God of Berserkers… That's the second God of Berserkers' head. That presence, the agitation in my blood will not lie…"

When the Berserkers saw that head, madness immediately erupted within them. Sorrow and rage appeared on all of their faces. There was nothing else that could make the Berserkers so livid with rage than the head of a God of Berserkers.

Su Ming trembled. Right when his senior brother's survival was still unknown after he had turned into a statue, Su Ming was faced with the head of the second God of Berserkers. This head might still be unfamiliar to him, even after he retrieved his memories, but its presence was incredibly familiar.

It belonged the the gentle voice that had reached his ears all those years ago. It belonged to the God of Berserkers who had been frozen with Great Yu Imperial City and had died for the Berserkers.

The second God of Berserkers was torn limb to limb in the past. His body was buried in the land of Berserkers, but his head had been taken away by the Immortals. At this moment, he was brought out, and by the looks of it, he had been refined into a piece of treasure

Almost at the instant the second God of Berserkers' head appeared and all the Berserkers descended into rage and madness because of it, the head… opened its eyes.

When it did so, everyone saw that its eyes were completely black. A violent shudder wrecked the head, and the second God of Berserkers exploded right before all the Berserkers' eyes at the moment his head had opened its eyes!

A huge force instantly swept outwards. That force brought little suffering to the Immortals, but to the Berserkers who had watched that head explode, that impact… was a strike to their blood.
