# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 696

These were the Immortals' last resort, and they were attacks that were directed against all the Berserkers. The first treasure had broken the hope of the Berserkers rising in power again after Su Ming died by turning his eldest senior brother into a statue, who had been the strongest existence besides Su Ming.

The second treasure was aimed against all Berserkers. With the destruction of the second God of Berserkers' head, the Immortals would deliver an attack to their blood. Those without Berserker blood would be unaffected by this attack, but for those with that blood, it would be a disaster.

All the Berserkers coughed up blood at that instant. Their bodies began to swiftly wither, as if their blood had been sealed away. They fell backwards and were swept away by the wave of force.

It did not matter whether it was Xue Sha or Chi Lei Tian. No matter who it was and what level of cultivation they had, at the instant they were struck by the impact, they coughed up blood and were all heavily injured. There were even nearly ten thousand Berserkers who were reduced to ashes by this attack to their blood.

The remaining Berserkers were continuously sent flying backwards in all directions while heavy injuries. In the blink of an eye, not a single Berserker remained in the battlefield.

All the people were swept away, and none of those who remained had any idea how many tens of thousands of lis the others were sent backwards or whether those Berserkers were even still alive after this attack to their blood. All of them were gone… except Su Ming, his eldest senior brother's statue, and the other statues in this place. Aside from them, the only others that remained were the Immortals.

At that instant, the blood that the Berserkers coughed up gathered together in midair and turned into a blood red Rune that swiftly descended on the ground to cover all the Immortals.

"You will all be transferred to your sects in the land of the Berserkers. Activate the Rune to your sect and recover as you wait for the next time we descend. We will then purge the land of Berserkers!" A buzzing sound spread out from the only remaining Rune in the sky. When it reverberated in all directions, the Immortals disappeared into the blood Rune.

Once all the Immortals disappeared and there were only corpses, fresh blood, and one still alive Berserker in the area, Su Ming looked up at the sky. There was no longer any hint of madness on his face. He had instead calmed down. The Immortals' tactics had once again let him come to know how powerful his enemies were.

They were the Immortals, a race with great depth and whose reign had lasted for countless years.

However, Su Ming understood well that sending this priceless treasure that the laws in the world of Berserkers could not completely suppress had forced the Immortals to pay an incredibly devastating price as well.

He might not know what that price was, but it had surely pained Immortals greatly to part with it.

This was a battle that had no victor. The Immortals did not win, and neither did the Berserkers. That blow to their blood would have resulted in most of the Berserkers dying if it had been delivered in the past, but now it had only cause some suffering. After all, that blow had come after the burning of their blood and once all of their cultivation bases had increased exponentially.

Because of that, even though the impact from the blow might be great, there were many who managed to survive. And once they collected themselves back together, they might experience another outburst in their cultivation bases due to surviving such an attack.

This event might not necessarily have been a bad thing for the Berserkers.

For Immortals though, there were far too many of them who had died in this battle. They could not leave. They might have been sent back to their sects in the land of Berserkers, but they were no longer as arrogant and conceited as before.

The voice from the Rune telling the Immortals to return to their sects had also revealed something.

The Immortals were probably unable to send anyone to the land of Berserkers for the time being, which was why they did not use this chance to descend. Instead, they were forced to have the Immortals in the land of Berserkers activate the Runes in their sects to protect themselves.

After all, the attack to the blood was only limited to the Berserkers in the area. There were still many Berserkers who were charging forth from Eastern Wastelands and the islands in South Morning who had not suffered any damage.

This was originally a war waged between the Immortal sects and Evil Sect to decide the ownership of Eastern Wastelands Tower, but it had turned into a battle between Immortals and Berserkers. Yet no one won this battle, and the end result was both sides suffering great losses.

The only thing that did not end well was the killing intent the Immortals harbored for Su Ming!

The third presence that could destroy the world came from the Rune in the sky. The strength of this presence was so great that it caused the only Rune in the sky to start trembling violently at the instant it appeared.

As it trembled, the Rune started showing signs of crumbling, but it was quickly restored. A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He had originally intended to leave, but now he chose not to.

This war might have ended, but he still had something to do.

Su Ming leaped up, lifted his right hand, and pointed towards the largely thawed Great Yu Imperial City.

"Great Yu Imperial City, crush that Rune used by Immortals to descend to our land. Make it so that it will be even more difficult for them to come from now onwards!" This was what Su Ming wanted to do. As he pointed forward, Great Yu Imperial City shuddered before it rose up slowly. Then, it charged towards the sky.

Su Ming had not done this earlier because he knew that once the Immortals' Rune was destroyed, more would appear. After all, his Atman had seen a lot more of these Runes among the endless continents in the galaxy.

However, since there was only one Rune in the Berserker's sky, since the Immortals had sent three priceless treasures to suppress the Berserkers, and since the Immortals had told the cultivators down here to activate the Runes in their sects to fend for themselves, Su Ming was certain that the Immortals had given up on this battle.

That was why there was a possibility that they would be unable to activate more Runes in retaliation if he destroyed this last Rune. As Su Ming pointed forward, Great Yu Imperial Palace traveled even faster and stirred up a roar that shook the sky and earth as it got closer and closer to the sky.

Right at that moment, the destructive presence in the Rune grew stronger. At the instant it erupted forth with a bang, a blue ray of light swiftly shot out.

It was a blue sword!

A sword's main purpose is to kill, and blue is mainly used to seal. This was… a sword that destroyed all manner of lives. The presence spreading out from it made Su Ming's skin crawl, and his heart trembled. This was a killing sword that could destroy all those with power lower than the Third Step.

"Seal off the Immortals' Rune! If I don't die from this disaster, then we will destroy all the Immortal sects in the land of Berserkers!" Su Ming lifted his head and roared. At the instant the blue sword charged towards him, he controlled Great Yu Imperial City and rammed it against that Rune in the sky.

The Rune was destroyed. At the instant it crumbled, Su Ming heard an endless amount of faint groans and sound of death from the distant land of Immortals.

The sky rumbled…

And the blue sword closed in on Su Ming!
