# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 697

Almost at the instant Great Yu Imperial City crashed into the Immortal's Rune in the sky and caused it to shatter, Su Ming tried to rush into the black stone fragment hanging on his neck without any hesitation.

The strange dimension in the black stone fragment was Su Ming's shelter. It had allowed him to avoid a series of dangers more than once.

Yet almost at the moment Su Ming's mind touched the stone, he immediately felt as if the area around him had been completely isolated, and his mind could not obtain any sort of connection.

The blue sword closed in with a hum. It was already less than a hundred feet away. Without any hesitation, Su Ming gave up on fusing with the black stone fragment and charged towards the ground.

The blue sword gave chase behind him, as if it was embedded in its soul to do so. The killing intent and freezing air spreading out from it seemed to be capable of destroying everything.

In fact, due to the blue sword's presence locking down on Su Ming, he could not even execute warping. In the blink of an eye, he descended to the ground. There was one particular body among all the corpses that was covered in blood. It did not move even a single bit, but at the instant Su Ming closed in on it, he lifted his right leg and kicked him.

That kick contained no killing intent. Instead, a gentle force spread out of Su Ming's body and surged into the still body before it sent it charging into the distance.

"Qian Chen, wait outside Evil Spirit Sect! Once I get rid of this sword, I'll come and get you!" After saying this, Su Ming turned around swiftly. When there were only fifty feet between him and that killing sword, he turned into a long arc that charged into the opposite direction of the body that was flying away.

The body which was surrounded by the gentle power and sent into the distance suddenly blinked. That person was naturally Qian Chen, who had been pretending to be dead from the very start. He put on a long face as he used that gentle power within him to rush away.

'Damn it, damn it, damn it… Just how far is this place from Evil Spirit Sect? Just how far is it?!... How… How far do I have to go before I can get back?!' Qian Chen looked glum, but he did not dare disobey. He could sense that the gentle power was not leaving his body but had settled itself inside him. By the looks of it, this was definitely some sort of seal that would limit his movements.

Su Ming must definitely have doubts about Qian Chen's loyalty, and that was why he did this.

'Damn it, damn it all! How could he still find time to seal me when he was being chased by the blue killing sword?!' Qian Chen ground his teeth in anger, but once he thought about how terrifying Su Ming was, he immediately sighed and gritted his teeth, then ran into the distance.

Su Ming did not even turn his head back. He activated all his power and charged forward with a bang. As he sliced through the air, he stirred up piercing whistles. His expression was incredibly dark, because the blue sword was becoming faster with each passing moment. The tip of the sword was already less than twenty feet away from him. Waves of cold air and pressure pressed down on his heart and body like mountains, and a life-threatening sense of danger filled his heart.

At that moment, a blue light begun to shine at the tip of the blue sword. Immediately, an endless amount of power in the world in a circular area of several dozens of lis was forcefully extracted. It then gathered on the blue sword…

Su Ming could sense that sense of danger increasingly exponentially, and his expression instantly changed. Without any hesitation, he bit the tip of his tongue and coughed up a mouthful of blood. This blood immediately enveloped his body, causing his speed to instantly increase by several fold.

However, once the blue sword extracted the power of the world from a circular area of several dozens of lis, it distorted space itself and arrived right behind Su Ming in the blink of an eye. Blue light flashed, and as a muffled boom reverberated in the air, that blue sword pierced Su Ming's chest!

It did not pierce his heart though. When Su Ming increased his speed, the strong sense of danger had made him move slightly to the side, and because of it, the blue sword had only grazed his heart.

As banging sounds reverberated in the air, Su Ming coughed up a huge mouthful of blood. Destructive power erupted in his body. A bang rang out, and as that power spread out, his legs exploded. His left arm also shattered, and half of his body turned into ashes as well.

The destructive power was about to spread out and extinguish Su Ming's life, but he circulated all his power and crashed it against that destructive power inside him. As booming sounds reverberated in his body, Su Ming rushed forward with the speed provided to him by the power from the blood shield like a kite with a broken string flying in the air.

Su Ming lifted his head and roared, then gritted his teeth and endured the pain as he charged forward madly. He only had a small portion of his body left. The power from that one strike had almost destroyed him completely.

And this was after Su Ming had reached the Life Cultivation Realm. If he had been the slightest bit less powerful, he would surely have died right away!

In fact, if it was anyone else in Life Cultivation Realm suffering this blow, they would have found it difficult to survive that attack. It was a killing sword that would destroy all those under the Third Step.

However, Berserkers were people who mainly cultivated their bodies, and Su Ming had turned all his flesh, blood, and bones into those of a true Berserker during Bone Sacrifice Realm. The level of strength he possessed was incredibly terrifying, and it was also the reason why he could kill those who were above him in their level of cultivation.

However, even with such a strong body, Su Ming was still almost destroyed by the blue sword, and this was a clear sign of just how powerful this weapon was. Su Ming's face turned pale. From madness, his eyes became crimson red, but he continued to charge through the sky with the remainder of his body. The blue sword behind him gave close chase, as if it would definitely not disappear unless it killed him.

'Immortals!' The destruction of his body caused Su Ming's hate towards the Immortals to become even stronger.

The blue sword's killing intent did not disappear, and the life-threatening sense of danger surrounded Su Ming's heart and soul. He continued coughing up mouthfuls of blood, and every single time he did so, his speed would increase a little.

Yet even so, he still could not shake off that blue sword. The blade continued charging forward and stirring up piercing whistling sounds behind Su Ming. Blue light appeared at its tip once more, and at the same time, the power of the world from a circular area of a hundred lis were forcefully sucked in.

Su Ming felt his skin crawl. His heart was roaring. Before the blue sword had delivered that strike just then, it had absorbed the power of the world from all around just like this, and that was just an area of several dozens of lis. This time, it was sucking the power of the world from a hundred lis.

If this second strike was delivered, Su Ming knew that he would surely die!

The Immortals had sent three priceless treasures. The first had petrified his eldest senior brother. The second had scattered the Berserkers after dealing a blow to their blood while Relocating the Immortals, but if they were to be compared in terms of strength, then the third treasure would be the strongest!

The sword of murder!

After all, to the Immortals, it did not matter whether it was Su Ming's eldest senior brother or the Berserkers, they were nothing compared to Su Ming. Su Ming must be destroyed and sealed in this place. They would absolutely not allow any other unforeseen circumstances to happen.

The treasure they sent was a sword of murder and it had been given a task when it descended, which was… to murder and seal Su Ming!

Su Ming's expression turned dark. At the instant he sensed the power of the world in that circular are of hundred lis being forcefully sucked away, he stopped charging forward and turned the remaining half of his body around. During that instant, he lifted his right hand with the back of his hand turned downwards and his palm turned towards the sky.

"That which exists between the past and the future is Destiny!" As Su Ming roared, the blue sword let out a hum, less than ten feet away from Su Ming, as it continued sucking the power of the world from all around it!

It was also at that moment that Su Ming swung his right hand at the incoming blue sword.

With it, the reversal of time was executed with Su Ming's current power as a Berserker in the initial stage of Life Matrix. Its might was far stronger than what he could bring out previously. With it, not only was the blue sword affected, the world around him and even the wind as well as clouds were affected. In fact, Su Ming had a strong feeling that if he had enough power, then he could even reverse the law of the world.

In fact, once he reversed the law of the world, he could make that world's time flow backwards due to his will. He could make all his enemies rot away and return to the starting point of the universe.

At the instant this feeling appeared in Su Ming's mind, it gradually disappeared. When he swung his right hand forward, the incoming blue sword… stopped for the first time.

The blue sword started trembling. Once it was less than five feet away from Su Ming, it started moving backwards slowly, and as time started reversing, the large amount of power of the world started flowing out from that sword, as if it was returning back to its original place.

Sweat broke out on Su Ming's forehead. The power of Destiny was his Origin Divine Ability. He had always thought that he was using up his cultivation base to cast this divine ability, but only at this moment did he realize that not only did the power of Destiny use up his cultivation base, it also used up his spirit. This then resulted in a great wave of fatigue washing over him.

Before he stepped into the Life Cultivation Realm and the initial stage of Life Matrix, Su Ming's Destiny Art had been incredibly weak in terms of level. That was why it was also known as the sign of the Abyss, because it had been merely just that - a sign.

That was why the consummation of his soul had not been bad. In fact, it had been so weak that Su Ming hadn't even noticed it. Similarly, its might was of only ordinary level as well. If his past self had executed Destiny's time reversal at this moment, he would not have been able to do anything to the blue sword.

Yet at the moment Su Ming stepped into Life Cultivation Realm and reached the initial stage of Life Matrix, the might of his time reversal could bring about an effect. As the blue sword withdrew and the large amount of power of the world spread out, Su Ming reached his limit of Destiny's power. He pressed his right hand against the center of his brows.

"God of Berserkers' Statue of Life Cultivation!"

Su Ming let out a roar, and the ten thousand feet statue of the God of Berserkers manifested around him with a bang. The statue moved through Su Ming's body and clasped its right hand with its left before ramming both of them into the blue sword.

A powerful presence erupted forth from the statue of the God of Berserkers, as if it had activated the world of Berserkers' kismet and added it to its own body, and had also activated the power of the world all around it.

As a loud bang rang into the air, Su Ming turned around and charged away with a pale face. He did not stay for long in this place. He knew just how strong that blue sword was. Even if he had cast Destiny and brought out his statue of the God of Berserkers, he wasn't able to destroy it, but he could… stall it for some time!

This amount of time could allow Su Ming to seek refuge and heal his body.

At the time Su Ming retreated, he brought out a large amount of medicinal cores and crushed them. He then sucked in a deep breath, absorbing all the powder into his mouth to nurture his body. His flesh and blood started squirming within him, healing rapidly.
