# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 698

As Su Ming swallowed the large amount of medicinal cores and his flesh as well as blood started recovering, he stopped moving forward and instead charged towards the higher altitude. He had chosen to seek refuge in Yin Death Vortex.

No matter how strong the blue sword was, it was an item from the land of Immortals, which meant that it came from Bright Yang Region. If that was the case, Su Ming deduced that Yin Death Vortex could suppress the blue sword.

Su Ming did not have time to think too deeply into things. Once he made his decision, he charged into the vortex in the sky like a shooting star. At the instant he widened the space between him and the blue sword up to several thousands of feet, booming sounds came from behind him. Blood trickled out of the corners of Su Ming's mouth. That was the injury he sustained when his statue of the God of Berserkers was unable to continue blocking the blue sword.

Su Ming knew that this was not due to his statue of the God of Berserkers not being strong enough. It was instead because his power was not sufficient to bring out all the statue of the God of Berserkers' power. As of then, he could at most bring out a fraction of its might.

As booming sounds reverberated in the air, Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers disappeared into the world, but it did not shatter. The blue sword let out a piercing whistle and sliced through the sky, turning into a blue long arc that charged towards Su Ming.

Su Ming's body was rapidly recovering. His speed had already reached the limit of what his current level of cultivation could allow. He was slicing through the air towards Yin Death Vortex at that moment, and he was getting closer to it with each passing moment as he continued rushing forward.

The blue sword, which was now thousands of feet behind him, suddenly let out a blue light that almost dyed the entire world in its color. Under that light, Su Ming discovered, to his shock, that the blue sword was forcefully absorbing the power of the world from several thousands of lis around it in an incredibly tyrannical manner.

By just absorbing the power of the world within several dozens of lis, that blue sword had been able to put Su Ming at death's door. By absorbing the power of the world within a hundred lis, it could kill Su Ming straight away. Right then, by absorbing the power of the world within thousands of lis… As Su Ming's skin crawled, the blue sword's speed suddenly increased by tenfold!

It was fast to begin with, but now, as its speed increased by tenfold, it traveled at a pace where it would be difficult to describe its speed with words. In just a flash, that blue sword shot through thousands of feet.

Even the sense of danger Di Tian had once brought to Su Ming was a far cry from this. He had a feeling that he would absolutely not be able to step into Yin Death Vortex before that killing sword launched its attack, and he would not be able to avoid that attack.

Even if he was already incredibly close to Yin Death Vortex, less than a thousand feet away from it, but that thousand feet could determine his life and death It mattered little if it was a distance that gave others a feeling that they could touch it if they stretched out their hand.

He only had a small part of his body left, and fatigue filled his body and soul. His eyes were all red. The level of devastation he currently suffered was nothing like what he'd ever faced. If it had been anyone else, they might have already found their will crumbling before the blue sword even arrived.

Su Ming gritted his teeth and his expression twisted. He looked almost sinister and vile. At the instant the killing sword closed in on him and death was knocking on his door, he laughed. There was an endless amount of freezing cold in his laughter, and it was tinged with determination as well as madness.

"No one can take away my life!" Su Ming's soul was set on fire at that instant. It was the burning of his soul. It was an unyielding will and determination in the midst of madness.

As Su Ming's soul burned up, a large amount of power erupted from within his body. This was an outburst of power exchanged for burning his soul, and it was incredibly great. Su Ming's body was originally recovering, but as his soul burned up and exploded, all his recovery was dispelled, causing his flesh and blood to twist. The pain brought by having his body being torn not only did not manage to suppress Su Ming, but instead made him descend into further madness.

Almost at the instant the blue sword closed in on him, Su Ming clenched his right hand and hurled his fist forward at that blue sword in a bout of madness!

A loud boom shook the sky and earth at that instant.

This was a strike delivered by Su Ming's burning soul. It was the strongest attack he could deliver with his power when his soul was set on fire. This punch surpassed the limits of Su Ming's level of cultivation and had reached an even higher level compared to what he could originally bring forth.

As that boom echoed in the air, Su Ming's right arm shattered completely. What little remained of his body exploded. All except his head, and under that violent impact, his head was sent sweeping backwards. In an instant, he was sent a thousand feet back, straight into Yin Death Vortex.

At the same time, the blue sword let out a loud buzz, and for the first time, there was a shrill note in that buzz. This sword possessed a spirit, and Su Ming's punch had struck it, causing it to fall a hundred feet backwards in midair before it stopped.

However, once it stopped moving, the power of the world from a circular area of ten thousand lis swept towards it with a bang and gathered on it. The blue sword absorbed it in the span of a breath, and immediately after, it turned into a piercing ray of blue light that charged into Yin Death Region. It would not stop until it killed Su Ming.

At the instant Su Ming's head was swept into Yin Death Fog, his consciousness became clouded. The injuries he sustained could not be described with just the word grievous. This was already in the territory of 'fatal'.

If it was anyone else with these sort of injuries, they would surely die!

That is to say if their levels of cultivation were below Life Cultivation. Once a person stepped into Life Cultivation, then even if this sort of injuries were fatal, it was not completely impossible for them to heal.

Life Cultivation was a cultivation of a person's own Life. This form of cultivation was different from the Immortals' on this aspect, but they were also similar. The Immortals had Nascent Souls and Nascent Divinities. No matter how terrible were their wounds on their physical bodies, as long as their Nascent Divinities were not destroyed, they could Possess someone else and continue living. They could also think of other ways to gather up a physical body.

The Berserkers could not do this, but once they moved into Life Cultivation, then even if everything about their bodies was destroyed, as long as a piece of flesh remained, then there were endless possibilities lying ahead of them. The only prerequisite to this was that… their soul was not destroyed.

Berserkers' souls were different from Immortals' Nascent Divinities in the sense that those within Life Cultivation could not use their souls to Possess other lives. However, as long as their souls were not destroyed, then their bodies would not be destroyed.

If that had not been the case for the second God of Berserkers, then the Immortals would not have needed to use Morning Dao Items to suppress him after he was torn apart. His soul was simply too strong. It might have disintegrated, but its fragments still existed in the world.

That was why to prevent any form of accident from happening, that change in the world had occurred.

Su Ming would have surely died with these kind of wounds if he had not stepped into Life Cultivation Realm, but now that he had done so, as a Berserker in the initial stage of Life Matrix, he had obtained this specialty of the Berserkers' cultivation system. Even if he only had his head, as long as his soul was not destroyed, then he could be restored.

However, the burning of the soul before Su Ming rushed into Yin Death Fog was a grievous blow to him. However, his will was incredibly strong. Even if he had burned his soul, he could still keep his mind clear. Besides, he had only burned his soul for a short time, which was why he had not suffered any fundamental damage.

At that moment, Su Ming opened his mouth wide and sucked in a deep breath as he stood in Yin Death Fog. Immediately, a large amount of aura of death charged towards his head. Once it fused with him, signs of recovery appeared on Su Ming's body once again.

Muffled piercing whistles came from behind him. A ray of blue light shot through layers of fog and chased after Su Ming; however, this was the vortex formed from Yin Death Fog. The blue sword came from the land of Immortals and from Bright Yang Region, so it naturally slowed down in the vortex, having been suppressed.

Because of that, as one party's speed increased and the other's decreased, there was constantly a thousand something feet between the sword and Su Ming. It could not catch up to Su Ming, but he could not shake it off either.

However, Su Ming moved like a fish in water within Yin Death Fog. As he absorbed a large amount of it, his body started recovering rapidly. First he formed the top half, then the outline of his legs. By the looks of it, his legs would be completely formed before long as well.

The feeling of flesh and blood growing in his body was not comfortable. Instead, it felt numb and painful. However, this pain was nothing to Su Ming. He had even burned his own soul before. Compared to that, this pain was not even a fraction of what he'd felt back then.

However, even while Su Ming moved like a fish in water in Yin Death Vortex while it suppressed the blue sword, there were plenty of powerful and ferocious beasts in this water. There were quite a large number of these ferocious beasts who possessed power equivalent to the power of Life Cultivation Realm. In fact, there were even some who had power that surpassed it. There were some ferocious beasts who had their own territories in this vortex, and there were also some who loved devouring other beings. Overall, these Yin Death Beasts in Yin Death Fog could become stronger because they continued devouring each other.

If Su Ming had come to this place alone, he would have been fine. As long as he was careful, he would not have attracted too much attention. After all, his presence could fuse together with this place, and since he was in Life Cultivation Realm, he was not weak. However, the blue sword was chasing right after him. It was like a bright lamp in the darkness, and not only did it light up the sword itself, it also lit up Su Ming!

Because of that, not long after Su Ming and the blue sword moved into Yin Death Fog, several dozens of mighty pressure that surpassed Su Ming's level of cultivation instantly descended on them with a bang. These dozens of mighty pressure were like a storm that swept through the area. Su Ming had just recovered his body completely when he was sent charging backwards because of the impact. A glint appeared in his eyes, and once he absorbed a large amount of aura of death from the area again, he immediately started charging downwards.

He could sense a vast amount of displeasure and warning from the dozens of pressures and wills belonging to the various ferocious beasts in Yin Death Vortex. If he continued traveling in this place, then he would suffer a retaliation that would not be any weaker than what the blue sword was going through.

The dozens of pressures also swept past the blue sword as it continued chasing after Su Ming. Since it came from the land of Immortals and possessed Bright Yang's presence, the impact it suffered was far stronger than that faced by Su Ming. In fact, besides the dozens of pressures, there were three other waves that pressed down on the blue sword with sinister intent. These three waves of pressure came from the depths of Yin Death Vortex. They came from a spot far away from this place, but their pressure possessed power that was equivalent to the might of the Third Step.

Because of that, the blue sword that was 'taken care' of by these three waves of pressure let out a shrill sword whistle that rang like a scream of not being able to bear whatever was happening. The blue light on its body became much duller. It even looked as if there was aura of death circling within it.

The sword spirit immediately roared. As it wilted, it made the blue sword stop, not daring to move even a single bit forward. The sword trembled, then started chasing down Su Ming, who was escaping downwards, once again.

Roars that sounded as if someone was laughing maniacally came from the distant depths of Yin Death Fog. It was as if these creatures were incredibly happy with what they had done.

These were beings that were born within Yin Death Fog in the ancient past. Their strength was what forced the Immortals to activate those Runes to descend. They were the existences that made it difficult for the Immortals to move past Yin Death Fog. This blue sword was nothing in their eyes.

In fact, those three powerful waves of mighty pressure might have seemed to have come from the depths of the fog, but in truth, they were far from the true depths.

"Not bad, boy. If you manage to not get yourself killed by this sword spirit that has that disgusting Bright Yang Presence, we'll let you train here in Yin Death's Holy Land for some time.

"That's why you have to get rid of it!"

"Get rid of it and turn it into Yin Death's Sword!"

These voices sounded like roars in Su Ming's ears. He was momentarily taken aback by them, then he gritted his teeth.
