# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 699

When those voices shouted, they brought with them sinister laughter. These bouts of laughter harbored no malicious intent towards Su Ming. After all, there was aura of death about Su Ming's body, so he was a part of Yin Death Fog.

But it was different for that blue sword. The pressure it had to withstand was incredibly great. It was especially so when the three waves of pressure had knocked into it earlier; it had almost been unable to withstand those blows just now.

The three waves of mighty pressure that were as powerful as the mighty in the Third Step brought with them a barbaric and murderous air as they forced a wave of Yin Death Aura into the blue sword. The sword had then let out a whistle that screamed that it had found what they did to be unbearable.

The blue sword might have become duller than before, but there were some aspects within it that remained as sharp as ever. With a piercing whistle, it charged straight towards its target. Su Ming gritted his teeth and no longer continued forward. Instead, he stopped at the edge of the fog.

This was the second time he stopped under the blue sword's pursuit. At the instant he did so, his legs almost recovered, Su Ming lifted his right hand and started forming seals.

With an extremely fast speed, he formed ninety-nine different seals.

Once all the seals were formed, the blue sword was already less than hundreds of feet away from Su Ming. A sharp presence pressed down on him, and it brought with it killing intent that seemed like it would not stop until it killed him.

"Nine Transformations, Ten Transfigurations, One Voice!"

At the instant the blue sword was only a hundred feet away from him, Su Ming let out a low growl and swung his right hand. He then lifted his left hand and formed a large amount of different seals again. After that, once he clasped his hands together, a strange and enchanting light appeared in his eyes.

"With the ninth Transfiguration, turn into the Candle Dragon!"

Su Ming let out a low growl, and his mind fused together with the small snake. The Candle Dragon's presence erupted swiftly from his body at that instant, and as the presence erupted from his body, Su Ming instantly started twisting. Almost at the instant the blue sword closed in on him, Su Ming disappeared and appeared right above the blue sword as a gigantic Candle Dragon!

This was Su Ming's Ten Transfigurations Art!

The Candle Dragon could devour the world and the stars. When it opened and closed its eyes, it could replace the sun, moon, and stars. At the instant Su Ming turned into the Candle Dragon, the blue sword crashed into his body.

A loud bang that shook the sky and earth spread out, causing Yin Death Aura to violent churn in all directions. There were also words spoken with an ancient air and malicious intent, mixed along with loud laughter coming from the depths of the fog.

"You transformed into the Candle Dragon? Not bad, boy! Put more fire into it and get rid of that sword!"

"How dare you show Bright Yang's presence in Yin Death's Holy Land! That puny toy sure has some guts. Even the Immortals' sword spirits with the power of the mighty or even those beyond would not dare act so arrogantly in Yin Death's Holy Land. Lad, if you don't get rid of that thing today, I'll get rid of you!"

"Put more fire into it! Damn it all, didn't you eat before you came here, lad?!"

The voices with their odd chuckles continued coming from within the fog, but Su Ming did not have the time to even be annoyed by them. The blue sword was still incredibly powerful. At the instant it touched the Candle Dragon's body, it shattered. It fell backwards continuously, and it looked like its entire body was about to crumble.

However, at the time the Candle Dragon's body crumbled, it opened its mouth wide and sucked in a deep breath at all the Yin Death Fog around it. Immediately, a vast amount surged towards it with loud rumbling sounds. Once the Candle Dragon sucked it in, it used that fog to withstand the blue sword's might.

The booming continued without stop. As the two continued fighting , only a small part of the Candle Dragon, which was Su Ming had transformed into, remained. The other half of it had already disappeared without a trace.

Pain filled Su Ming's entire body. His eyes turned crimson, and the Candle Dragon swiftly opened its eyes. A strange and enchanting light appeared within them, and red also filled their entirely, as they glared at that blue sword.

The sword's blow could not kill Su Ming when he was in the form of the Candle Dragon. As the booming echoed in the air, the sword was forced into Yin Death Fog and continued tumbling within, its light growing even duller. The sword let out a sharp whistle and turned around, but this time, it did not charge towards Su Ming. Instead, it was charging to reach the area outside the fog.

It wanted to leave Yin Death Fog. Only by leaving this place could it devour the power of the world around and get rid of the Yin Death Aura inside its body. Only then could it bring forth its real might.

It had already locked onto Su Ming. No matter where Su Ming went, it could instantly sense him and chase after him. However, as of then, it needed a few spans of breath so that it could absorb enough power of the world.

That was why it had decided to temporarily give up on chasing Su Ming. But just as it was about to rush out of the fog, the three mighty pressures from the depths of the vortex turned into furious roars.

"Damn it, how can you let it run?! Why don't you get rid of it?!"

"How can you not even get rid of a sword?! And you're the God of Berserkers in the world below?!"

"You waste of space! You good for nothing! Utterly useless piece of trash! If you don't get rid of it, then just wait for it to get rid of you!"

Even though these sinister voices were roaring, there were no anger within them. However, these three voices had been continuously speaking since Su Ming entered the fog with that sword on his tail to the moment he attacked it, and they gave off an incredibly long-winded air.

Su Ming would have been fine with them if it had been any other time, but he was currently heavily injured, and he was originally annoyed to begin with. As the three voices continued nagging him, he lifted the Candle Dragon's huge head and let out a roar towards the fog.

"All of you, shut up!"

His roar moved through the fog like a thunderbolt. At the instant those words spread out, the three voices paused for a moment, as if they could not believe that Su Ming would actually dare to yell at them.

When Su Ming yelled out, the blue sword already had half its body outside the vortex; it was about to charge out completely. Once it was out of Yin Death Fog, then, before long, it would be able to bring forth a powerful might. Then, unless Su Ming refused to get out of Yin Death Vortex for the rest of his life, he would definitely be in danger the moment he stepped out.

Also… there was a high chance that this sword would be able to fully recover outside. Once it gained even stronger power and rushed into the fog again, Su Ming would be in danger once again, unless he rushed into the depths of the fog.

This was a chance. It could be said that this was the only chance Su Ming had to destroy the sword. His eyes turned crimson red, resulting in the Candle Dragon's eyes shining with madness. At the instant the blue sword was about to leave the fog, the Candle Dragon swiftly opened its mouth wide and sucked in the air in the direction of that blue sword!

The Candle Dragon could devour mountains and rivers. In fact, an adult Candle Dragon could devour an entire world, and this mighty talent was incredibly terrifying.

The Candle Dragon Su Ming had turned into might still be a baby… but the Candle Dragon's blessing and the power of one World was contained within his heart and soul, and because of them, it allowed Su Ming to possess endless possibilities in the things he could devour.

At the instant he sucked in that breath, all the Yin Death Fog around the fleeing blue sword that was already halfway out of the vortex tumbled backwards swiftly. It was as if an invisible but incredibly powerful suction force had filled the area and was spreading outwards with a bang.

As the Yin Death Fog tumbled backwards and charged towards the Candle Dragon's mouth, the power of the world within that fog also surged into the Candle Dragon. The blue sword, in the meantime, erupted with a powerful ray of blue light, trying to escape being devoured by the Candle Dragon.

Red-eyed, Su Ming appeared on the Candle Dragon's head. He glared at the blue sword, and all his power erupted forth as he activated the Ten Transfigurations Art. It caused the Candle Dragon's ability to devour to become stronger.

"You want to kill me?! Then I'll eat you first!" Su Ming roared out. His face was twisted with ferociousness, and his soul was melting that fragment containing the power of that one World. As that power fused with the Candle Dragon, it swiftly erupted forth.

Cracks immediately appeared in the space around the blue sword. With a bang, even the space around the sword started distorting before it charged towards the Candle Dragon's mouth in straight lines.

The blue sword fought back against that suction force, wanting to break free of it all and continue onward. Yet, since they were already at this point, there was no way Su Ming would just let the sword escape. No matter what, he was going to devour it. He did not have time to think about what would happen next. Anything was better than letting the sword leave Yin Death Vortex and absorb the power of the world.

"That which exists between the past and the future is Destiny!"

When Su Ming lifted his hands, he had the back of his left hand turned upwards and the back of his right hand turned downwards, then swiftly slammed his hands together. Everything around him instantly started flowing backwards. A tremor wrecked the sword. It could no longer move forward and could only move back.

Destiny's power, the Candle Dragon's ability to devour the world, and Yin Death Fog's invasion into the sword had caused the sword to turn duller as it was oppressed by these three powerful waves of mighty pressure, and it was finally made to turn back.

However, this sword was incredibly powerful. Even if it was moving backwards, it only did so for a hundred something feet before it stopped. Then, the sword swiftly turned around. It no longer chose to rush out of the fog to try and escape from being devoured by the Candle Dragon, but instead, as piercing blue light shone around its body, a wave of killing intent and murderous aura erupted from it with a bang. It… actually decided to go along with the flow of the suction force and the reversal of time to charge towards the Candle Dragon's mouth.

Both sides swiftly closed in on each other. A loud boom that shook the sky and earth erupted within the fog. As it echoed in the air, the Candle Dragon devoured the blue sword, but its body crumbled at that instant.

As it crumbled, Su Ming shot out. This time, the Candle Dragon was not devouring the sword, but it was Su Ming who did so. At the instant his body appeared, blue rays of light erupted from within him, and they could be clearly seen swimming beneath his skin. That blue light was the blue sword!

Intense pain wreaked havoc in Su Ming's body, but the ferocious look remained on his face, along with determination. He circulated his cultivation base within him and started absorbing all the Yin Death Fog around him to suppress the killing sword within his body!

"... Alright, I'll forgive you for yelling at me just now. Lad, you've got guts. You actually had the courage to devour that sword…"

"Haha! You did good! Refine it, turn it into your Enchanted Treasure! Make it Yin Death's sword. Damn it all, if you manage to not die, then you can come as you please into Yin Death's Holy Land in the future!"

Shrill howls escaped Su Ming's mouth. A large amount of blood mist burst from his body with a bang. The color of that blood mist was blue, and rays of blue light were spreading out from his body. Clearly, that blue light was in the process of destroying Su Ming's body as it attempted to escape him.
