# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 700

The blue sword was raining destruction within Su Ming's body, but similarly, because it could not get into contact with the world outside, the Yin Death Aura in the sword became even thicker. As the color of the sword became dull, it looked as if it was beginning to distort.

However, the power of that sword was still not something Su Ming could hope to fight against. Even though he had used the Yin Death Aura in the place to suppress it, the level of suppression brought by the aura was not enough!

Because of that, Su Ming could already predict that if he continued staying here, that sword would cause him to crumble and rush out of his body before long.

'I absolutely can't let it come into contact with the world outside!' Su Ming roared in his heart. Once he absorbed the Yin Death Fog around him once again, he swiftly shot forward.

'I have to look for a place that will help me suppress the sword!' Blood flowed down Su Ming's eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. He looked incredibly ferocious, but he had no time to care about that. If he did not completely resolve the dangers brought by the sword this time, then the consequences would be too grave.

Perhaps other people would not choose to devour that sword so madly if they knew this might happen to them. After all, the three great wills had not expected that Su Ming would devour the sword.

Choosing to let that sword leave and become great outside while he would temporarily be safe could have allowed him other options. He could have chosen to stay here and not leave or asked for help from the three great wills and pleaded for their protection even if he had to pay a great price for it.

But Su Ming would not choose this path!

He would only make one choice.

'If you want to kill me, then I will also kill you!

'I will not run nor hide. I will face danger head-on, and it will either be that I die, or that you are destroyed!! It is just as I act towards the Immortals. It will either be that I die, or that they are destroyed!

'If I wake up, then the sky will be dyed red. If I open my eyes, then the Immortals will have no hope for survival…'

This was a chance as well, and it was a chance that Su Ming was unwilling to let go of. He had a vague feeling that this was the only chance he had to get through this murderous disaster!

'Suppress it… Suppress it… What place could help me suppress this sword and provide me vast amounts of protection so that I could set my mind at ease to recover and suppress the sword?!

'Eastern Wastelands Tower!' Su Ming lifted his head swiftly, and a brilliant flash that could surge into the sky appeared in his eyes.

Eastern Wastelands Tower was a place where Su Ming was the only person who could step in without any sort of requirements, even if that tower still had not gathered enough blood light to shine in ten million lis. Besides, this tower was the Berserkers' supreme treasure and was an item left behind by the first God of Berserkers, capable of just by its existence to bring chaos to the Immortals.

There was no other place more suited than the tower to suppress the sword and heal himself in Eastern Wastelands. Besides… this was the closest place near Su Ming anyway. There reason why he didn't choose Gret Yu Imperial Palace was because even though he might have a hint of connection to the place, but he would never forget the roar he heard within the city when it was still in the depths of the sea.

The murderous intent contained within that roar brought a chill to Su Ming even now.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes, and he sucked in another breath of the vast Yin Death Aura around him. At the instant his body almost crumbled, and the blue light shone through him, Su Ming took a step out of the fog without any hesitation.

With it, he appeared between the sky and earth. He did not stop for even single moment and turned into a long blue arc. As loud whistling rang in the air, he charged into the distance.

Eastern Wastelands Tower was located at the center of Eastern Wastelands. It was not too far from where Su Ming was. He might not know where it was located precisely and had never been there before, but since Eastern Wastelands Tower had appeared because of him, the faint lead in his heart guiding him towards the tower was the best guide he could have.

As he charged forward, the blue light spreading out of his body became stronger. After a moment, he looked as if he had been entirely covered in blue. Blood continued gushing out of his body, and the blue light was flowing out even more violently. Banging sounds continued ringing within him, but there was determination and perseverance shining in Su Ming's eyes. As he continued suppressing the sword, he traveled even faster.

Before long, a piercing layer of blood light that was about several hundreds of lis appeared before him, and at the center of that blood red light… was a tall tower with ninety-nine floors!

The was an air of time about that tower that spoke of endlessness. It stood erect on the ground and was incredibly eye-catching.

That tower was dyed red under the blood-red light, and it looked quite terrifying. A matchless mighty pressure descended on Su Ming at the instant he stepped into that blood light.

The power from that pressure caused the blue sword in Su Ming's body to shudder, but Su Ming was not too affected. His spirit was lifted, and he increased his speed.

This was the Eastern Wastelands Tower that had caused Immortals to descend into madness, to the point where they fought each other so that they could step inside it! In the top of the tower was the epiphany that belonged to the first God of Berserkers, Lie Shan Xiu, and it also contained the clue that would lead the one who reached it towards the Berserkers' supreme treasure - Barren Cauldron.

As Su Ming got closer, the pressure from Eastern Wastelands Tower became stronger. Since the tower was incredibly tall, it would naturally form an oppressive feeling that would descend on the hearts of all those who saw it.

The blue sword shuddered and started struggling madly, as if it wanted to rush out of Su Ming's body because it did not want to get closer to Eastern Wastelands Tower. The more it struggled, the more chaotic the state within Su Ming's body became. His flesh and blood crumbled, his bones shattered, and the tip of the sword even pierced out of his chest. Right at the instant it was about to rush out, Su Ming lifted his left hand and pressed down against the tip of the sword in his chest. He didn't care that his hand was stained with blood and pushed the sword back into his body.

"Go back!"

Su Ming panted harshly. His face was pale, but the ferociousness and madness on his face were enough to terrify all those who saw him.

Almost at the instant Su Ming closed in on Eastern Wastelands Tower, the door at the bottom of the tower opened up by itself. As it did so, it was as if a storm had appeared out of nowhere and swept around the tower, turning into a huge whirlwind that connected the sky and earth. As that whirlwind rotated with loud booming sounds, it shook the sky and earth.

It seemed like the tower had been waiting for Su Ming's arrival, or else it would not have opened its doors by itself the moment he closed in!

It seemed like the tower had been waiting for Su Ming for a long time, and at that moment, he had finally arrived!

At the instant the door to Eastern Wastelands Tower opened, the blue light in Su Ming's body burst forth, and he coughed up blood. His legs shattered under the blue light, and his whole body was in a situation that was little better. However, Su Ming turned into a long arc, which shone blood-red and blue, and charged towards the door.

The blue sword let out a piercing howl that contained an indefinable wave of terror. It was as if the Eastern Wastelands' door meant certain death for it.

When there was only a hundred feet left between Su Ming and the door to Eastern Wastelands Tower, his legless body crumbled once again, and the tip of the blue sword crawled out of his right shoulder, bringing with a piercing sword whistle, as if it wanted to rush out. But Su Ming lifted his left hand from his chest and seized the sword, pushing it back in.

With a flash, Su Ming arrived at a distance of only fifty feet from the opened doors of Eastern Wastelands Tower, and half of his body exploded. His flesh and blood sprayed through the air, and as the blue sword struggled madly, the shadow of a boy appeared on it. That boy was covered entirely in blue light. At the instant Su Ming saw the boy, his eyes sparkled. He remembered the small black humanoid who had gone missing after his fight against Di Tian's clone all those years ago.

Besides their color, that small black humanoid was incredibly similar to this boy!

Once the small blue boy appeared, it surrounded the blue sword and was about to rush out of Su Ming's broken body, but Su Ming clamped his left hand around it. With another charge, he was less than twenty feet away from the door to Eastern Wastelands Tower, and in the span of a breath, he would be able to step inside.

An endless amount of terror and despair appeared in the small blue humanoid's eyes. The boy let out a piercing roar, and the sword shone, causing Su Ming's left arm to shatter with a bang. When even half of his head turned into ashes, the blue sword and the small blue boy charged out of his destroyed left arm. But right at the instant they rushed out, Su Ming seized the sword's hilt… with his right hand!

"You can't escape!"

Su Ming's dark and dreary voice reverberated in the air. At that moment, only a small half of his body and his right arm remained. At the moment he grabbed the blue sword, his right arm was instantly torn to shreds, but even if it had been ripped apart, he had managed to catch that blue sword, causing it to be unable to run away.

During that instant, Su Ming swiftly charged into the opened door of the Eastern Wastelands Tower. The sword spirit on the blue sword screamed shrilly in despair. At the instant Su Ming's right arm crumbled, he dragged it into Eastern Wastelands Tower!

Su Ming's dark laughter rang in the tower, and there was madness within his laughter, along with a resolution that said he would either die or kill his enemy.

As the young sword spirit howled in despair, a loud bang reverberated in the sky and shook the entire world of Berserkers. Then, the door to Eastern Wastelands Tower shut itself!

At the instant it closed up, a blue tip of a sword charged out in a mad dash, wanting to get out, but Su Ming, who had now lost his arms and legs, still had his teeth remaining. At the instant the tip of the sword wanted to rush out, he snapped his teeth on the blade, and the madness within his eyes made the sword spirit shudder. Then, as if he wanted to drag the sword down with him to his grave, he held it back.

The door to Eastern Wastelands Tower closed.

"It is either that you die, or I will!" At the same time the door closed, Su Ming's dark and dreary voice reverberated in the air.

Eastern Wastelands Tower's blood light started spreading continuously through the area around it and dyed the world around it red.

It did not matter whether it was trees, flowers, grass, the earth, or the wind blowing past the area. They were all dyed red and covered filled with a bloody stench. This was… Eastern Wastelands Tower.

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, a year went by.

During this year, no more Immortals descended. The vortex in the sky slowly disappeared and the blue sky appeared once again high above. It was filled with white, fluffy clouds, and everything seemed to have returned to normal.

However, an earthshaking change had happened on the ground. Some of the bigger factions of power among the Berserkers in Eastern Wastelands had organized a gathering and a search!

They gathered together because they wanted to carry out Su Ming's will and exterminate all the Immortals in the land of Berserkers. Even if Su Ming had disappeared for a year, they still continued with it.

They were searching because of Su Ming!

They were searching for Su Ming, searching for their God of Berserkers.
