# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 802

As the bald crane screamed in excitement, it seized that bag in a tight grip. There were numerous crystals in there, and many of them were not inferior ones. They were instead stone coins with incredibly high quality, which Su Ming had obtained in Yin Death Region.

These sparkling things were the bald crane's life. In fact, they were even more important than its life. This was the source that could make it fight and descend into madness.

When Su Ming brought out another storage bag and tossed it to the bald crane in a decisive manner, the bald crane's originally excited heart instantly exploded with a myriad of emotions.

"I'll do whatever it takes! I'll do it! I'll do it!" The bald crane's eyes even turned red as it roared.

"Darn it all, I'll give it my all for these crystals. If an animal can die for food, then I will die for money! That little boy Su has never been so generous before. He… He's even more miserly than I am, and he's being so generous now?! I definitely can't miss this chance!" The bald crane roared and leapt up to charge towards the galaxy up ahead.

"I'll give it my all!" A loud bang erupted from the bald crane's body, and it increased several times in size, turning several hundreds of feet big. An endless amount of ripples appeared around it. Those ripples spread out swiftly, as if they were about to fuse into the galaxy.

Su Ming looked at the bald crane. He had never seen a Rune that the bald crane could not break. He had only seen this sort of talent in Hu Zi before, and when he looked at the bald crane, he felt a stab of pain.

This was not physical pain. Perhaps more accurately speaking, this was not pain, but a sort of numbness that was born as he recalled past events. Su Ming knew that he was remembering Hu Zi, but this sort of remembrance was not allowed for him, who no longer had any emotions, and neither did he have any pain.

By the side, the Duke of Crimson Flame looked at the bald crane entering a frenzy with a dumbfounded look. He had seen avaricious people, but he had never seen anyone so avaricious that they would explode forth with such great life force just for two bags of crystals.

Judging by the looks of it, the bald crane was clearly in an extreme state of excitement.

'It can't be… It can't that legendary being, right? I remember that lord… didn't seem to be so greedy for money… Besides, with its status, these crystals…' The Duke of Crimson Flame had always been uncertain about the bald crane. This was his secret, and he had not even asked Su Ming about it.

"Ah!"

The bald crane shouted loudly. It swelled up once again and became nearly a thousand feet big. The ripples around it became even finer. As it continued expanding, it filled the entire galaxy with ripples.

They did not spread too far, but instead swept through the area. It was as if the bald crane wanted to use this method to fuse with the galaxy. However, it was as if there were no cracks here, so the ripples could only swirl about, but never be able to fuse with the galaxy.

Almost at the moment the bald crane demonstrated its power in an attempt to break the Rune that had existed for an unknown number of years, having been placed by the powerful warriors from the four True Great Worlds working together to cover the entire galaxy in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence except for the depths, four of the nineteen Radix Planets in the galaxy used by the four Great True Worlds as their stations instantly erupted with a powerful light. A cold and emotionless voice came from the four Radix Planets.

"There is a third-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in Western Ring Nebula, Sinful Barren Lands. This power will require 970,000,000 years to succeed in fusing with the Rune."

That aloof voice spread through all areas of the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over the barren lands. It was immediately heard by the True Guards on the cultivation planets and the powerful warriors from the four Great True Worlds.

However, no one paid any attention to it. Only some would occasionally lift their heads to look at the sky.

This sort of act to break the Rune was not common, but not rare either. Over the years, no one had ever successfully fused with it and broken the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune. In the eyes of True Guards, this sort of action was an act of someone overestimating their own abilities.

Yet at that moment, the aloof voice suddenly came from the four shining Radix Planets once again.

"There is a fourth-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in Western Ring Nebula, Sinful Barren Lands. This power will require 720,000,000 years to succeed in fusing into the Rune."

"That fourth-tier power appeared so soon? But it's completely impossible to break this Rune. I wonder which overconfident idiot is trying it."

"Is Western Ring Nebula where that wanted criminal Mo Su is?"

Within the endless cultivation planets in the vast galaxy where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds kept a lookout over the barren lands were some True Guards who were training. Their training was interrupted by the voice that spread through the entire galaxy, but most of them did not pay any attention to it.

…..

Su Ming looked at the bald crane in the galaxy as he stood in Western Ring Nebula. At that moment, the bald crane's body swelled up to several thousands of feet. Roars tumbled out from its mouth, and a large amount of ripples reverberated without stop in that circular area of ten hundred thousand lis.

"Damn it, what is this Rune?! How could it be so powerful?! Darn it all, why is a stupid Rune so powerful?! Isn't this just cheating?!" The bald crane started cursing loudly.

Yet soon, the bald crane's curses fell silent, and it was replaced by heavy breathing. It might be in the galaxy, but the bald crane's breathing still quickened.

Because when Su Ming lifted his hand, he threw out two more storage bags.

The bald crane's eyes turned red, and it descended into madness. As it roared at the sky, its body swelled up once again, and this time, it reached ten thousand feet. As it roared, ripples that looked like surging waves spread out from its body and swept through the area.

When the Duke of Crimson Flame saw this scene, his pupils constricted.

"Darn it all, I'm going to duke it out against you! I'll do it for real this time! I'll seriously duke it out!" As the bald crane howled, it blinked, then lowered its head to swiftly sweep a glance at Su Ming.

When it saw Su Ming taking out another storage bag, the bald crane went mad. Su Ming might not have much of everything else, but as he killed, he never let any storage bags slip through his hands. There might be some that only had few items, but when their numbers accumulated, he still obtained quite the fortune.

When the bald crane had an outburst, there was no longer just four Radix Planets shining in the galaxy where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds kept a lookout over the barren lands. Instead, brilliant light now shone from five of those Radix Planets that formed that distorted looking staircase, which was part of the celestial body that was formed by many cultivation planets.

"There is a fifth-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in Western Ring Nebula, Sinful Barren Lands…" Before that voice could finish its speech, it suddenly stopped talking.

Soon after, when it reverberated in the air once again, its words had already changed.

"There is a sixth-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in Western Ring Nebula, Sinful…"

The voice stopped once again. After a moment, when it echoed in space once more, nearly half of the True Guards in all the cultivation planets within the galaxy where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds kept a lookout over the barren lands spotted changes in their expressions.

"There is a seventh-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in Western Ring Nebula, Sinful Barren Lands. This power will require 95,000,000 years to succeed in fusing with the Rune."

…..

The bald crane's body grew to be several tens of thousands of feet big. The ripples spreading out from its body covered several hundreds of thousands of lis. Its entire body trembled, and its eyes were crimson red.

"Damn it! Damn it all! This is the most insane Rune I've ever seen in my life. It… It has nine hundred thousand something layers! Darn it, how am I supposed to break this?!" As the bald crane spoke, it quickly lowered its head to look at Su Ming before quickly putting on a facade that it was panting harshly.

Su Ming let out a harrumph. When he lifted his right hand, five storage bags were immediately brought out. He shook them before the bald crane, and the mouths of the bags fell open. Once the sounds of crystals knocking into each other came from within, he tossed them aside to a spot… where there were already twenty something storage bags.

The bald crane's heart was filled with ecstatic glee. In its excitement, it looked as if it was motivated once again. Its body increased in size with a bang and grew straight to ten hundred thousand feet. The galaxy was filled with ripples spreading out from its body. These ripples quickly swam around, and for the first time, they showed signs that they were about to fuse with the galaxy.

"Oh no! I've really done my best, but this Rune is just too powerful, too insane…" When Su Ming was not paying attention, the bald crane licked its beak and immediately cried out.

Without saying another word, Su Ming brought out another ten storage bags. Once he revealed the crystals inside, he tossed them aside.

The bald crane shuddered and let out a roar towards the sky. It became nearly two hundred thousand feet tall.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He brought out another few storage bags and tossed them aside. A brilliant light shone in the bald crane's eyes, and it started crying out in excitement in its heart.

'I'm rich! I'm rich! Haha! Little boy Su, aren't you supposed to be miserly?! Heh heh, I just need to use some tricks, and you'll still end up bringing them all out in the end. He might still have some. Yup, I'll continue squeezing his money out of him.' As the bald crane cried out, its body swelled up once again. This time, it reached nearly three hundred thousand feet. Wherever those ripples passed by, the galaxy would shine intensely.

The Duke of Crimson Flame's mouth had already fallen open in complete shock. He looked at the bald crane with a dumbfounded expression, the shock in his heart having turned into amazement.

'It's fighting against the Rune that seals an entire galaxy head-on. This crane… This crane… is it truly that legendary lord?'

Once its body grew to three hundred thousand feet, the bald crane started wailing again.

"Oh, I can't do it anymore! I've already done my best, but this thing is just too hard to break! I need motivation, I need to be filled with passion, I need stimulation…" As it spoke, it lowered its head and looked at Su Ming with excitement and anticipation.

"If you need stimulation, then I'll give you stimulation." Su Ming let out a cold harrumph, then lifted his right hand and seized the air. Immediately, three of the thirty something storage bags flew out, and Su Ming seized them.

"I will give you the span of ten breaths. With each breath that passes, I will take back three of those storage bags. If you really can't break it, then don't force yourself." As Su Ming spoke flatly, he put away those three bags.

A piercing scream of pain tumbled out from the bald crane's beak. This time, its eyes were truly bloodshot. All the previous times its eyes turned red was because it intentionally made it so. Its heart was bleeding, and that extreme pain now caused it to truly descend into madness.

When it saw Su Ming lifting his hand once again to take back another three storage bags, there was pure madness within the bald crane's shrieks.

"Get bigger, bigger, bigger! Darn it all, get bigger!" With a bang, the bald crane's body exploded in size, and it grew to four hundred thousand feet, five hundred thousand feet, until it reached a million feet.

"Break! Break!! BREAK!!!"

As it cried out, the ripples around it started spreading out viciously. Wherever they passed by, the galaxy looked as if it was about to shatter. As a shocking boom rang out, layers upon layers of the galaxy were pulled back. A gigantic crimson-red Rune that exuded an ancient presence replaced the galaxy, and it appeared before Su Ming's eyes with no end in sight.

At that moment, all the ripples fused into the crimson Rune. A shocking bang that shook the galaxy came from the Rune, and the bald crane… completely fused with this Great Divinity Incarceration Rune that the four Great True Worlds had set up in the past.
