# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 803

Within the galaxy where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds kept a lookout over the barren lands were six Radix Planets with distorted forms that made them look like staircases. At the instant they started shining with a brilliant light and that light illuminated everything around, six aloof voices speaking in unison came from the six Radix Planets.

"There is an eighth-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in Western Ring Nebula, within…"

"There is a ninth-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in Western Ring Nebula…

"There is a tenth-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in Western Ring…"

"There is an eleventh-tier power attempting to fuse with the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune in…"

Those voices echoed in many cultivation planets, causing all the True Guards within the area that belonged to the forces of power within the four Great True Worlds to find their expressions changing. Multiple presences exploded forth, and long arcs flew up from these cultivation planets.

Yet at that moment, nine of the nineteen Radix Planets that filled the galaxy used by the four Great True Worlds erupted forth with a powerful light. Once that light appeared, the aloof voice changed its words.

"The Great Divinity Incarceration Rune is in danger. Based on the Divine Essence law made by the four Great True Worlds, all guards from the True Worlds are to immediately head to the place where the cause of the danger lies. You are to destroy all living beings that are attempting to break the Rune… The danger of this power is thirteenth tier, which will need 23,000 years to break the Rune."

Loud buzzing sounds came from the galaxy which the four Great True Worlds used as a lookout over the barren lands once that aloof voice spread out. Long arcs charged into the air. Ancient bronze swords appeared in the region where True Sacred Yin World were stationed. Anyone who looked would see that there were several hundreds of them, nearing a thousand. There were even a few presences in Plane Kalpa Realm. Their powerful divine senses caused the galaxy to tremble.

Abyss Dragons roared in the galaxy where the Emperor of Abyss' True World was stationed. Figures in black armor appeared on all the Abyss Dragons as black smoke spread out from their bodies.

A similar sight appeared in the galaxy where True Morning Dao World was stationed as well. All the galaxies where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds were stationed trembled due to the aloof voice.

'Are the alien races invading us? If not, what sort of power could possibly make nine Radix Planets light up at the same time?'

'Could it be that the alien races are really invading us en masse? Or else how could they possible be able to shake the Great Divinity Incarceration Rune?!'

'Is war coming..?'

Multiple questions rose in the hearts of the True Guards from the four Great True Worlds, and it became a heavy burden on them.

Almost at the moment the area where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds trembled violently, fifteen of the nineteen Radix Planets began to shine brilliantly. This meant that a shocking change had appeared in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

"The power endangering the Rune is at the fifteenth-tier, it will require 6,200 years to break the Rune."

"The power endangering the Rune is at the sixteenth-tier, it will require 1,500 years to break the Rune."

"The power endangering the Rune is at the seventeenth-tier, it will require three hundred years to break the Rune."

"The power endangering the Rune is at the eighteenth-tier, it will require five years to break the Rune."

"The power endangering the Rune is at the nineteenth-tier, it will require ten breaths to break the Rune."

The aloof voice coming from the fifteen Radix Planets swiftly spread through space, echoing all around. However, before the True Guards from the four Great True Worlds could even relocate, the aloof voice fell silent.

Several breaths later, when it spoke up once again, the words it uttered caused the minds of all people in the galaxy to rumble.

"The Great Divinity Incarceration Rune has been broken. Two-tenths of the perception from the Rune have been lost."

As that voice spoke, the area where the four Great True Worlds were stationed instantly fell into dead silence.

…..

In Western Ring Nebula, which was located in Sinful Barren Lands, the bald crane's crazed laughter traveled all around, and there was an endless amount of prideful arrogance contained within that laughter.

"Well, darn it all. How was that? Weren't you still defeated by me?! Haha! Your Grandpa Crane is invincible! No matter what Rune it is, it is still just crystals before me, it can't escape!"

Loud booming sounds echoed in the galaxy, spreading in all directions to cover the crimson Rune. The bald crane's body manifested in space. It looked as if it had fused together with the Rune and they could no longer be distinguished from each other.

The Duke of Crimson Flame looked at that sight with a dumbfounded expression. After some time, his heart started trembling violently. At that moment, he was certain by eight-tenths that the bald crane was that lord spoken in the legends in the past.

A smile appeared on Su Ming's face. He swung his arm, and all the storage bags in front of him flew up together to charge up. A suction force immediately came from the crimson Rune, and those storage bags disappeared without a trace once they were all swept up.

The bald crane's excited and smug laughter rang all around once again.

"Little boy Su, so? Aren't I just great? Heh heh, this stupid Rune is too weak. I've broken Runes that are ten times stronger than this one. Eh? When have I broken a Rune that is ten times stronger than this one?" Light shone within the crimson Rune. The bald crane's body manifested, and it came to stand before Su Ming with a smug expression on its face. It no longer thought about the thing it could not remember from the past.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes, and he said calmly, "Control this Rune and cover up its gaze on me. Make it so that no one else can use this Rune to find out where I am." .

"No problem. I've already fused with this stupid Rune. If it doesn't listen to me, then I'll get rid of it!" The bald crane struck its chest with an incredibly arrogant look on its face.

"Ahem, little boy Su, you know, we could actually make a few more deals. Hey, about that, I saw that you took away some storage bags just now… How about this? Give me the crystals in the storage bags, and I-I'll use the power in the Rune and help you perform a short distance warp…" The bald crane licked its beak, and an expectant light shone in its eyes as it looked at Su Ming.

"What is this Rune?" A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes as he asked flatly.

"This Rune is known as the Great Divinity Incarceration and Sealing Rune. It covers the entire galaxy where the four Great True Worlds are stationed as well as Sinful Barren Lands. It also has a part called Great Space Sealing and Planet Shrinking Rune, Space Sealing Rune for short. It's the protective gate guarding the region where the four Great True Worlds are stationed. It'll be difficult for all those who are not protected by this Rune to step into the region where the four Great True Worlds are stationed to a lookout over the barren lands.

"When these two Runes are grouped together, they will form Divine Space's first Rune in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence," the bald crane quickly explained, afraid that Su Ming would not agree to the trade. To it, Runes were not important, what was important were crystals.

"It's actually the Divine Space Rune?!" The Duke of Crimson Flame was shocked when he heard it by the side, and in his shock, he had cried out in surprise.

When Su Ming looked towards him, a grim expression appeared on the Duke of Crimson Flame's face. A hint of nostalgia entered his eyes, and at the same time, there was also a hint of terror there.

"Before I was sealed, I experienced the might of the Divine Space Rune set up by the four Great True Worlds. This Rune… has infinite power. It possesses a law. Calling it a Rune might not be too appropriate. It's more like… a galaxy," the Duke of Crimson Flame said in a low voice.

Su Ming's eyes sparkled. He waited quietly for the Duke of Crimson Flame to continue speaking.

"Wherever it is, it can replace the existing galaxy and envelop it in the Rune that belongs to it, turning it into… Divine Space World. This Rune killed many of the people from the fifth True World in the past. Up to the moment I was sealed, I didn't hear of it being destroyed.

"Within its Divine Space World, it will form its own galaxy with rules and laws. It doesn't need any cultivator to control it either, because a Rune Spirit has already been born in the Rune. However, all those who are acknowledged by the Rune Spirit can use the power of the Rune to kill their enemies in Divine Space World.

"I didn't expect that the Rune would still be around, and it actually executed the Divine Space Rune to cover half of the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. All the regions besides Divine Essence Star Ocean might belong to the area of Divine Space World."

The Duke of Crimson Flame looked at the boundless blood red Rune in the galaxy. There was a solemn tone to his words, along with a deep wave of wariness. In fact, he even instinctively cast a glance at the bald crane as he remembered those rumors from the past.

"There's a Rune Spirit? … Uh, no? I don't see any Rune Spirit." The bald crane was momentarily stunned. It closed its eyes and sensed the area of the Rune carefully before it shook its head.

"But this Rune isn't complete. It seems like it was destroyed in the past, and then it was separated into two parts, one that seals divinities, and the other that seals spaces. Still, this Divinity Incarceration Rune that I've fused with does possess the divine ability you speak of. It formed a galaxy, but the power doesn't feel as terrifying as you said. Besides, most of it can't be brought out." The bald crane scratched its bald head, then cast its gaze at Su Ming once again with eyes filled with expectation.

"Its power might be much weaker, but performing short distance warps is incredibly easy for it. So, little boy Su, you wanna have a deal?" As the bald crane spoke, the Duke of Crimson Flame was stunned for an instant. After a moment of pensive silence, he seemed to have come to understand the situation.

"No wonder the four Great True Worlds couldn't use the power of the Rune to chase us down. They also needed a large amount of cultivators as True Guards, because this Rune no longer has a Rune Spirit. It's difficult for everyone to obtain the Rune's acknowledgement, and even then they can't execute its full power. They can only use its basic functions while using the Rune to monitor and investigate the area. But why didn't the old monsters who set up the Rune in the past mend it?"

As the Duke of Crimson Flame mumbled under his breath, Su Ming's eyes shone brilliantly.

"We can make the deal, but besides warping, I want to obtain the Rune's acknowledgement. I want to use the power of law controlling this galaxy in the Rune." Su Ming looked at the bald crane. He knew that the crane would definitely put on a troubled face and then ask for more crystals, which was why he brought out a few more storage bags and tossed them into space.

The bald crane seized the storage bags and checked them with excitement. Once it did so, it instinctively put on a troubled face, but when it saw the dark expression on Su Ming's face, it weighed the pros and cons of the situation in its heart and nodded with a vulgar expression.

"I'm going to say this first. Warping isn't a problem, but if you want to use the Rune's power, then you will only be able to use a small part of it, since I've only fused with two-tenths of the Rune. But don't worry, once I fuse with it even more, then I can lend you even more of the Rune's power.

"In fact, I can even help you train, but the key is, I will need stimulation. Only when I have powerful stimulation will the greatest force of my life erupt forth, and only then would I be able to fuse with the Rune even more," the bald crane quickly said.

"Bring out the picture of the galaxy here. I want to see just how many people are after my life in this area." Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes.

The bald crane immediately let out a cry… and an illusory projection that only True Guards possessed appeared instantaneously before Su Ming.

This illusory projection was like a map. Once it spread out, the area shown within it was incredibly large. All the regions in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence besides Divine Star Ocean appeared on the map… even the galaxy which the four Great True Worlds used as a lookout over the barren lands.

If the True Guards from the four Great True Worlds saw this, they would definitely be in great shock. Because if it was them, when they used the Divinity Incarceration Rune, they could only see a part of a region. It was difficult for them to see the whole thing.

In fact, even the powerful warriors in Plane Kalpa Realm could not make this sort of projection appear from the Divinity Incarceration Rune. At most, they could only summon a fourth of it.
