# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 808

'I'm completely surrounded from all fronts. It doesn't matter whether it's these pursuers or the True Guards from the four Great True Worlds, all of them want to kill me!' Su Ming leaped up from one of the meteors. Crimson threads appeared out of thin air and surrounded him before they turned into a coffin that instantly charged into the distance.

Su Ming put the bald crane away, and the Duke of Crimson Flame turned into a totem on the coffin. All of them swiftly left into the distance.

The crimson coffin traveled incredibly quickly, but right at the instant it left, the galaxy they were in suddenly let out a loud bang, and deep blue ripples suddenly appeared, rapidly spreading out. In the blink of an eye, they covered a circular area of a hundred thousand feet and caught up to the crimson coffin that was Su Ming.

The deep blue ripples turned into fog, leaving the area in a hazy state. At the same time, at the edge of the hundred thousand feet area, Su Ming's crimson coffin looked like it had sunk into mud in a river, and his speed was reduced by half.

"Peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm. He only has one step left before he moves into the later stage. What speed! You aren't his opponent. The gap between your strengths is too great. If it wasn't because there isn't enough power of World Planes in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, this sort of powerful warrior would have arrived at the later stage of World Plane Realm by now. No matter where he goes, he will be considered the overlord of that area!" the Duke of Crimson Flame's swiftly told Su Ming. There was an anxious tone to his voice.

Almost at the same time he spoke up, a cold harrumph echoed from the deep blue fog within that area of a hundred thousand feet. That harrumph alone caused the galaxy to rumble and cracks to appear. It also caused the red coffin to tremble so much that it shattered.

Bang!

The coffin shattered, and its pieces fell backwards to reveal Su Ming, who was charging forward. Those shards swiftly gathered together into a long red spear, and with a flash, it disappeared into Su Ming's body.

Blood trickled out of the corners of Su Ming's mouth. That invisible strike just now had not only shattered the coffin, but also caused a great force to appear all around and within him. As that force exploded along with the coffin, it wounded Su Ming.

It was as if that cold harrumph could form some sort of resonance so that it would be difficult for one to defend themselves, and the body was instantly heavily wounded.

Su Ming could sense clearly that if his physical body had not become like that of a World Paragon, on other words much stronger than before, then he would have crumbled into pieces from that cold harrumph, just like the coffin.

The stranger was powerful. His strength surpassed that of Jing Nan Zi and the nine True Guards Su Ming had met in Heavenly Treasure Planet. This was the strongest person Su Ming had run into during his escape.

'I've run into some people in the middle stage of World Plane Realm, but I've never met anyone who could gravely wound me with just one harrumph. Is this the power of those who have reached the pinnacle of the middle stage of World Plane Realm..? They can completely suppress all the cultivators who are below World Plane Realm, and all the cultivators in Heaven, Earth, and Man Cultivation Realm have absolutely no chance of fighting back. It's like the difference between a baby and a grown man.

'Even if it's those who have reached World Plane Realm, those who are just in the initial stage will find themselves with a slim chance of survival even if they were fleeing, much less fighting against him.'

Su Ming did not even have time to wipe away the blood at the corners of his mouth. He was not too surprised by this person's appearance, though. He had already made a guess that the moment the Divinity Incarceration Rune disappeared, the True Guards and other pursuers would appear right away.

It did not matter who came. There was no difference. Besides, after the Barren Lands of Divine Essence experienced those things before, the person who appeared to kill Su Ming was much stronger.

'If the Divinity Incarceration Rune was still around, perhaps I could use the power of the Rune to fight against this person for a while, but now, I'm not his opponent.'

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He lifted his right hand and stomped on space. Immediately, faint golden ripples appeared and spread out with a bang. They covered a circular area of fifty thousand feet in the span of a breath, and the presence of World Plane Realm erupted from his entire body.

"You are just a candle flame. How dare you try to outshine a moon?" When the cold voice echoed in space, the fog that spread out to a hundred thousand feet… gathered together into a face that was a hundred thousand feet in size.

The face was ancient and belonged to an old man, and it took up the entirety of the deep blue fog. From the distance, that face that spread across the galaxy was an incredibly terrifying sight, and this was the power of those who had reached the pinnacle of the middle stage of World Plane Realm!

His voice rumbled in the galaxy, while Su Ming was swiftly rushing away from the spot near the center of the face's brows.

"If I kill you, then my family will be able to possess a cultivation planet with an Essence of a World. I, Zhao Tian Gang, might not be willing to be used by the four Great True Worlds, but for the sake of my family, I can only attack you… If you want to blame someone for your death, then blame yourself for not being strong enough." At the instant that rumbling voice shook the galaxy, a sparkle appeared in the eyes of that gigantic face of a hundred thousand feet.

"I'm impressed that you're wanted by the four Great True Worlds. I'll let you die under my second strongest divine ability. Then, at least, you will be able to die a worthy death!

"Three!" The moment Zhao Tian Gang said these words, Su Ming's heart trembled, and the area fifty thousand feet away from him began shattering.

"Let me perform a shift! You're not his opponent, if we don't shift, you'll definitely die!" The Duke of Crimson Flame's anxious voice traveled into Su Ming's mind.

"Wait a little longer. I want to see just how great is the disparity between me and a person who has reached the peak of the middle stage in World Plane Realm." Su Ming's eyes sparkled, and he immediately delivered these words in his heart to the duke.

"You… Are you mad?! I can tell you this, the difference between the two of you is like heaven and earth! Before him, you are just an ant! Not only is this person a World Paragon in the pinnacle of the middle stage in World Plane Realm, judging by his words, he is also the Progenitor of a family. This kind of person is definitely someone with a great reputation and fame. Even the ordinary True Guards from the four Great True Worlds might not want to provoke him," the Duke of Crimson Flame roared in anger. For the first time, he did not listen to Su Ming's words and was ready to shift to leave the place with Su Ming.

The faint golden area began shattering fifty thousand feet away from Su Ming. In the blink of an eye, only several thousands of feet were left. The other parts had been torn to pieces in a bizarre manner when Zhao Tian Gang had said that one word.

"Even if there is the distance of heaven and earth between us, even if I am an ant, I will still have the courage to glare at the universe. Even if I am an ant, I cannot flee because I cannot fight back!

"As long as the difference isn't so great that he can kill me in an instant, then I will definitely attack. Even if I am weak, I must draw my sword. Even if I am not his opponent, I cannot surrender!

"If I don't fight, my thoughts will not be clear. If I don't fight, I will not reach my goals. If I don't fight, then with what spirit should I reach Solar Kalpa Realm?!"

The presence of World Plane, which was that faint golden light that was previously thousands of feet away, had come to only several hundreds of feet. However, whe Su Ming's voice reverberated in the Duke of Crimson Flame's heart, it made him stop, just as he was about to perform a shift.

It was as if this was the first time he came to know Su Ming. Those words echoed in the Duke of Crimson Flame's heart, and every single word and sentence possessed a determination that could cause hearts to tremble.

"If I don't fight, then with what spirit should I reach Solar Kalpa Realm?!" Su Ming roared towards the sky, and a ten thousand feet illusion manifested behind him. That was his statue of the God of Berserkers.

"God of Berserkers' three Barren Arts of Heaven, Earth, and Man, Man Barrenness!" A brilliant light shone in Su Ming's eyes. He swung his arm, and the statue of the God of Berserkers behind him immediately lifted its hands. Once it pushed them together in the shape of a cross, it pulled its hands apart, with both of them heading towards the galaxy up above.

"Earth Barrenness!" The faint golden area that was only hundreds of feet away from Su Ming shattered completely at that moment. At that moment, the statue behind Su Ming lifted its right leg and stomped fiercely downwards.

"Heaven Barrenness!"

Bang!

During that instant, Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers shone with an endless faint golden light. Once it covered its body, the statue's right leg completed its act of stomping on the ground, and its body swelled up once more. In the span of a breath, it grew to several hundreds of thousands of feet, and its body… fell face forward!

With his current level of cultivation and the addition of his power of World Planes, Su Ming cast the God of Berserkers' Art. Man Barrenness was to worship the heavens. Earth Barrenness was to step on nothingness. Heaven Barrenness was to collapse the sky and destroy the land.

The statue's body was the sky. At that moment, when its body fell, a loud bang surged into the sky, and this was… the sky's collapse!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A violent sound reverberated in all directions in the galaxy. At the instant Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers fell, Zhao Tian Gang's cold voice spoke up again

"Flowers!"

The booming sounds from the statue disappeared. It was as if there was a power that could destroy the sky right as it collapsed down to the earth, forcing the sky to fall apart before it even fell. The statue crumbled, and Su Ming coughed up blood. As he was forced back, he threw his head back and roared. He lifted his hands and began forming seals before he flung his arms backwards. Seven shadows immediately appeared behind him.

Those seven shadows were dressed in long black robes. The faces of those people could not be seen clearly. However, there was an incredibly thick aura of death that swiftly spread through the galaxy.

"Seven Abyssal Yin Death Seal!"

"Earthen Script, become a Grave!" At the same time those shadows in black robes bowed simultaneously towards the galaxy, Su Ming's body instantly became indistinct. A lone grave appeared, and Zhao Tian Gang's face was being swiftly drawn out on the tombstone.

"Destroy," came Zhao Tian Gang's voice from the face that was a hundred thousand feet big.

Bang!

The seven abyssal shadows shattered completely. The lone grave that was Su Ming also crumbled apart instantaneously. The tombstone on it… could not even manage to draw out Zhao Tian Gang's face.

Rumbling sounds came from Su Ming's entire body. His flesh and blood shattered inch by inch, and as he coughed up blood, his body was gravely wounded. However, there was no regret in his eyes. Only extreme brightness could be found.

He lost. This was a fight he was bound to lose, but he fought!

He dared to fight. He had the courage to still attack and draw his sword even though he knew he would definitely lose. This was a form of determination. It was the most important requirement for a powerful warrior, and the value of this requirement even surpassed potential and serendipities.

"Duke of Crimson Flame, shift! Let's go!" Su Ming licked the blood at the corners of his lips and sent these words to the duke.

"The World!" These were the two final words Zhao Tian Gang said. It also marked the completion for his divine ability - Three Flowers, Destroy the World. Right at the instant he finished saying these words, the Duke of Crimson Flame's body appeared next Su Ming, who was at that moment falling back while blood gushed out from his entire body.

The bald Duke of Crimson Flame swung his arm. While loud booming sounds were surging into space and ripples viciously spreading out, the totem of a flying dragon manifested in space. As those booms continued resounding, that totem shattered. However, by then, the Duke of Crimson Flame had already used the power of his life and shifted.

Almost the instant he did so, the area in that part of the galaxy collapsed, stirring up booming sounds that spread in all directions. When it started gradually calming down, the face that was a hundred thousand feet vanished, and an old man in purple robes appeared in the galaxy.

The old man had a dark expression on his face. He looked at the spot from which the Duke of Crimson Flame had taken Su Ming and vanished.

"He knew that he was definitely going to lose, but he still had the courage to fight against me. This child… is a determined person, and also a madman. But no matter what… fighting against a powerful person is the best way for your level of cultivation to rise quickly, and also the best way to obtain an epiphany.

"The difference of power between the two of us would be like the difference between me and those in the later stage of World Plane Realm. If I ran into a person like that, would I… dare to fight against them?" Zhao Tian Gang fell silent.

"If he doesn't die in ten thousand years, he will definitely become a big problem."
