# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 809

"Zhao Family's Progenitor!"

"It's Zhao Tian Gang from the Zhao Family, which is one of the three big families in Western Ring Nebula. It is rumored that this person has reached the pinnacle of the middle stage of World Plane Realm two thousand years ago. He is only a step away from reaching the later stage of World Plane Realm."

"Hmph, the distance of that one step is ten thousand lis. World Paragons don't really have that much difference between each other in the beginning, and there is not much difference in power between those in the initial stage of World Plane Realm and those in Heaven Cultivation Realm. In fact, there are several powerful cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm who could fight toe-to-toe against those in the initial stage of World Plane Realm if they had some unique methods and Enchanted Treasures.

"However, once one's level of cultivation reaches the middle stage of World Plane Realm, their combat prowess will increase exponentially. A powerful warrior in the middle stage of World Plane Realm can easily kill a person in the initial stage of World Plane Realm. Even if those in Heaven Cultivation Realm have extremely powerful Enchanted Treasures and they can kill those in the initial stage of World Plane Realm, in the face of those in the middle stage, they cannot hope to compete."

"That's right. I understand this logic as well. Besides, there are differences among those in the middle stage of World Plane Realm as well. Those in the peak of the middle stage can suppress the others in the middle stage with ease, or else Zhao Tian Gang wouldn't have been able to make that Zhao Family of his become so distinguished with his own hands."

Whooshing sounds mixed with howls were traveling swiftly from all directions before they turned into several dozens of people who were scattered around the area where Su Ming and Zhao Family's Progenitor had fought against each other.

These people had all come after Mo Su's life due to the waves of power that came from this place. Once they rushed to the area, they immediately saw Zhao Family's Progenitor looking into the distance in silence, but they did not see Mo Su.

"It's a pity that Zhao Family's Progenitor was ahead of us. That Mo Su has probably been killed or captured already."

"A cultivation planet with a complete Essence of a World. Zhao Family will become even stronger in the future. In fact, there's even a possibility that Zhao Family's Progenitor will be able to take that step forward and become a monster in the later stage of World Plane Realm."

"However, he is still only at the peak of the middle stage in World Plane Realm. If he ran into those in the later stage, even those who had just reached it, he would be completely suppressed. Unless he had a method to escape, he would definitely die.

"It's a pity that there are only three monsters in the later stage of World Plane Realm in Western Ring Nebula. Besides Li Family's Progenitor, who is in isolation all year around and doesn't ever come out, the other two are also training somewhere in hiding. It's been a long time since they showed themselves."

An increasing number of people arrived to the area. After a moment, there were nearly a hundred people there. The eyes of those people in the area shone brilliantly. Once they swept their gazes past Zhao Tian Gang's body, they began sending their thoughts to each other to discuss the matter among themselves.

After a moment, a layer of ripples spread out from the galaxy in the distance. Nine huge ancient bronze swords appeared slowly, and a powerful and mighty pressure spread out, causing the people in the area to swiftly retreat. As they did so, the nine big swords gradually stopped moving.

"Zhao Family's Progenitor, how did the battle go?" A person walked out of the sword positioned right in front of the other swords. That person was dressed in armor, and he was the old man who had escaped after he fought against Su Ming in Heavenly Treasure Planet.

The old man's level of cultivation was also in the middle stage of World Plane Realm, but based on his tone, it could be heard that he was rather courteous towards the old man from the Zhao Family. He did not have that high-and-mighty attitude he showed when talking to other people in Sinful Barren Lands.

After all, while the situation they found themselves in and their positions were important, the thing that truly mattered to cultivators were the levels of cultivation. Those who were weaker would respect those who were stronger. This was the foundation that formed the system of the universe no matter the era and no matter what sort of world the people were in.

If the True Guard did not execute the power from the ancient bronze swords and Zhao Family's Progenitor went berserk, he could kill almost all of those on the swords. This sort of power was the source for the respect shown him.

"He escaped." Zhao Tian Gang sighed. He was the person with the highest level of cultivation among those who went after Su Ming's life. His hate towards the four Great True Worlds ran incredibly deep due to his status and his level of cultivation, but as time passed and his family grew, he gradually hid that hate in his heart.

For his family, he would squash down his enmity towards the four Great True Worlds and listen to their orders temporarily to chase after Su Ming.

The moment he finished speaking, the people around him immediately burst into an uproar. Almost every single person was shocked by Zhao Tian Gang's words, because they knew full well the significance behind the act of being able to escape from the hands of Zhao Family's Progenitor.

Zhao Tian Gang was not willing to say much. He swung his arm, and an illusion immediately appeared before him. There were endless pictures that shone within that illusion, and they showed his battle against Su Ming.

The entire process from start to finish was shown before the group. Then, without a single word, Zhao Family's Progenitor turned around and left. He had been waiting in this place because he had wanted to explain himself to the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over this place. Once he did that, he was unwilling to continue lingering around the place.

As the people in the region watched the pictures in the illusion attentively, a layer of ripples appeared out of the blue in a spot that was very far away from where the battle was held in the galaxy. As it spread out, Su Ming walked out from space with a single step.

At the instant he walked out, he coughed up blood.

"Was it worth it? You attacked despite knowing that you would definitely lose, and you were gravely injured in return. Was it worth it?" The Duke of Crimson Flame manifested beside Su Ming, and as he looked at him, there was a slightly complicated look on his face.

"It was!" Su Ming wiped away the blood with brightly shining eyes. "To me, the path of cultivation is filled with mountains. There are plenty of towering mountains ahead of me, and once I move over one mountain, it will mean that my level of cultivation has increased by a level.

"My enemies are these mountains. I can have my path blocked by these mountains, and I don't t mind running into a mountain that I'll never be able to cross in my life, but if I run into this sort of mountain and do not even have the courage to try climbing it simply because the mountain is too tall, then I will start to feel that I am an insignificant ant. Because of that, I will no longer be able to take even a single step forward. By then… what will I even be practicing cultivation for?!" Su Ming said as he looked at the Duke of Crimson Flame. His calm words were filled with determination that made the other's heart tremble.

After some time, the Duke of Crimson Flame suddenly asked, "If I wasn't by your side and you couldn't shift, what would you have done?"

"I would still have done the same thing," Su Ming answered firmly, without any hesitation.

"Since I would have definitely died there, then between not resisting but waiting for death with my eyes closed and fighting to the death in a grand battle, I would naturally choose the latter." A resolute expression appeared on Su Ming's face. His voice might not be loud, but when it reached the Duke of Crimson Flame's ears, it silenced him.

Ten breaths later, the Duke of Crimson Flame asked, "What will you do next? I've already used up one of my two shifts. The last one is for when you get close to Black Ink Planet so I can get you straight in."

Su Ming brought out some medicinal cores. Once he swallowed them, a freezing glare appeared in his eyes, along with a hint of madness. He coldly said, "Since they intend to make my life miserable, then I will also make theirs a living hell."

Three days later.

A shocking bang came from the cultivation planet closest to the spot to where Su Ming had shifted. As the loud booms reverberated in the air, roars from ferocious beasts rang in the air. The presences of those ferocious beasts were incredibly powerful, and there were even some who flew out of the cultivation planet to roar at the galaxy.

In fact, once the seals on these ferocious beasts were broken and they tasted freedom, an excited roar came from the depths of the planet before echoing faintly in the air. There was madness and hatred contained in that roar, and it came from the mighty cultivator of the alien race that was sealed in this planet!

As the ferocious beasts' seals were broken, the same sight as the one in Crimson Flame Planet was reenacted. The Sealing Rune collapsed, giving the mighty cultivator a chance to break free. As for whether he would manage to escape in the end would depend entirely on him.

Seven days later, the same booming sounds rang in another cultivation planet that was close by. At the same time they shook the galaxy, numerous roars from various ferocious beasts traveled into all directions.

Several days later, a drastic change appeared on the third cultivation planet…

Time passed. In the blink of an eye, two months went by. During this time, a change that caused the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over the place to be ignited with rage appeared in more than ten cultivation planets. An endless amount of ferocious beasts appeared in the galaxy, for the seals within cultivation planets were torn apart. The members of the alien races that were sealed also began showing signs that they were about to escape.

Based on how things were going, several years later a force from the alien races that could overturn everything would burst forth in Western Ring Nebula.

This was Su Ming's madness, and it was also the big gift he prepared for the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds suppressing the barren lands. He was using this act to take revenge against them for going after his life.

The bald crane's excitement was even greater than Su Ming's. Its anger and hatred towards the four Great True Worlds closing down the Divinity Incarceration Rune could be said to burn the skies. It completely approved of Su Ming's plan, and it did not even need him to pay any crystals but helped on its own accord, which was a rare sight to be seen.

Bang!

Another bang rang out in another cultivation planet. A large portion of the Sealing Rune on it shattered, and ferocious beasts flew out. As they roared in the galaxy, the crimson coffin swiftly flew up and headed into the distance.

The coffin might have shattered because of Zhao Family's Progenitor in the past, but its core was not damaged, which was why it could still turn into a coffin and fly in the galaxy.

"Damn you all! Curse you all! How dare you people from the True Worlds provoke me?! I'll fight it out against all of you! I'll break your seals! Break all of them! Break them! I'll break all of your seals! I'll let you know the consequences of provoking your Grandpa Crane, you crooks from the four Great True Worlds!

"Heh heh, I'm not that easy to bully! In the past, Lu Ya [1] was forced to his wits' end by yours truly! Four Great True Progenitors, what are you?! You're still just puny little birds before me… Eh? Am I that powerful?" The bald crane's excited cries gradually faded away as the coffin left into the distance.

…..

"Kill him! Kill that person called Mo Su! I don't care how he came to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, but that's the last straw, he must die!" an enraged voice shouted out from the place where True Sacred Yin World was stationed in the galaxy among the other forces of power from the four Great True Worlds.

"It would have been fine if he had just gone to the other galaxies, but he broke the seals in over thirteen cultivation planets within the region that True Sacred Yin World monitors. He is provoking us. This is revenge for us placing a bounty on his head."

"The main camp is already displeased and has sent a sealed order. If we cannot solve this problem within a month, then the True Guards in True Sacred Yin World will have to pay the price for this matter."

"The Kalpa Lord has already sent his orders. He will reward those who kill Mo Su with a treasure. This time… all the True Guards from True Sacred Yin World are to attack, and we are allowed to use the power of our Origin Essence to shift. The two World Elders in Lunar Kalpa Realm will also attack. We must resolve this within a month."

Huge ancient bronze swords shot through the Great Space Sealing Rune from the galaxy where True Sacred Yin World was stationed and appeared in Western Ring Nebula. Anyone who swept their gazes across them would find that no end to them could be seen. Each of the huge swords were a hundred thousand feet long, and there were hundreds of them.

The galaxy rumbled.

The notice of an additional reward was sent through the entire Western Ring Nebula, stirring up the attention and greed of cultivators in the other galaxies, including the True Guards from the other True Worlds.

"Those who kill Mo Su will not only receive the rewards originally offered, but also gain an additional reward from True Sacred Yin World … a Kalpa Treasure that possess the presence of Solar Kalpa Realm!"

Translator's Notes:

Lu Ya: The person who was the original owner of the gourd when the bald crane had its true form.
