# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 810

Kalpa Treasure!

This sort of treasure was rare even among the four Great True Worlds. Most of them were controlled by the old monsters who possessed the power of Plane Kalpa, and the value of such a treasure was difficult to describe with words. It could be said that to the powerful warriors in Lunar Kalpa Realm, this sort of treasure was enough to fight each other to the death for it.

Treasures the level of Kalpa Treasures were rarely created by people. Most of them were naturally born in this vast universe. They were existences that were like the treasures of the world. That was why each Kalpa Treasure was different, and the might of their divine abilities also had distinctions in strength. However, even the weakest Kalpa Treasure was enough to make two old monsters in Lunar Kalpa Realm to have great differences in power.

Someone in Lunar Kalpa Realm who did not have any Kalpa Treasure in hand could not hope to win against someone at the same level with one.

Only those in Lunar Kalpa Realm who possessed a Kalpa Treasure could be known as… being half a step away from Solar Kalpa Realm!

Treasures of this level could stir up uproars even in the worlds outside, and it was much more so in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. This was enough to even cause a calamity here.

This kind of reward could tempt the old monsters in Lunar Kalpa Realm who seldom ventured out in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, could make the powerful warriors in the later stage of World Plane Realm go crazy for them, and even True Guards would descend into madness for such a treasure.

If they killed Mo Su, they would be able to obtain that Kalpa Treasure. The lure in this additional reward surpassed the World Stones and the cultivation planet. It became the brightest light within the entire Western Ring Nebula, and countless people went wild for it.

The other three galaxies were also excited because of this news. All those who believed they had a chance put aside whatever they were doing and walked out of their isolation grounds to rush towards Western Ring Nebula at full speed.

There was a region in there that was filled with dust. Bright light would occasionally shine in that place, but not a single hint of sound could be heard. From the distance, it looked like a wasteland. An endless amount of shattered stones floated in the air.

Not long after, a long arc charged towards the place from the distance and closed in after a moment. That long arc turned into an old man dressed in a long dark blue robe. His head was filled with white, but his eyes were bright. The presence of World Plane Realm spread out from his body, showing that he was a middle stage World Paragon.

He stopped on one of the barren shattered stone, wrapped his fist in his palm, and bowed deeply.

"Master, your disciple would like to meet you."

The old man's voice was loud. Once it traveled through the area, the shattered stones before him suddenly moved and were sucked together to form… a gigantic face consisting of an innumerable amount of shattered stones.

It could be vaguely seen that this face belonged to a middle-aged man filled with a dignified air. His shut eyes gradually opened.

"What is it?" A voice that sounded like thunderous booms spread out through the area and stirred up layers of ripples, because of which the galaxy trembled and all the power of law within the area vanished instantly.

"Master, the four Great True Worlds have offered a Kalpa Treasure as the bounty for one person." The old man lowered his head. His expression was incredibly respectful. He knew clearly just how powerful his Master was. He was one of the three strongest people in the entire Western Ring Nebula, which was why even though he had reached the middle stage of World Plane Realm, he was still apprehensive when he faced his Master.

"Kalpa Treasure…" The eyes on the face formed by shattered stones suddenly shone, and brilliant light appeared within them.

At the same time, in a cultivation planet that looked quite ordinary within Western Ring Nebula was an old man who was dressed in rags and looked as pathetic as a beggar. He was lying sprawled in a forest whose plants had almost all withered. There were a few cultivators by his side. The strongest among these was only at Earth Cultivation Realm, and there were even some of them who were only at Man Cultivation Realm.

At that moment, they were staring cautiously at a ferocious beast with the form of a tiger about thousands of feet away from them. Based on the ferocious beast's presence, it was equivalent to those at the peak of Earth Cultivation Realm. On the ground behind it was a three-colored flower in blossom, and faint wisps of fragrance were spreading out from it.

The creature continuously investigated the area around it with low roars and a grim face. Yet at that moment, when the petals from that three-colored flower fell behind it, sharp whistling sounds came from all directions. About forty something cultivators rushed out from the forest and charged towards the tiger.

The old man was among them. He was also the one making the most noise.

"Kill it! That little b*tch! Kill that tiger and the treasure will be ours!"

The old man's eyes shone, and he rushed out with a growl. The tiger let out a furious roar, and a chaotic battle stirred up, but before long, the old man let out a shrill scream of pain. A deep claw mark appeared on his body, and it looked as if his organs were about to be clawed out as well. When he fell to the ground, he did not forget to yell out a sentence.

"Ah, I'm dead!"

After a few breaths, the old man on the ground opened his eyes and blinked. When he saw that the tiger was roaring in madness continuously as it fought against the people, he crawled forward cautiously, getting closer to the three-colored flower.

He was incredibly quick and seemed to be incredibly familiar with this sort of thing as well, a telling sign that he had done this sort of thing quite a number of times before. But when he was right beside the three-colored flower, someone in the sky suddenly roared.

"Just where did that old coot come from? He actually faked death to steal the Tricolored Flower?"

"Hmm? He's not from our side."

"Damn it, don't bother with that tiger. First get rid of that old thief, he's not from our side either!"

Furious shouts came from the sky. Some of the cultivators even moved past the tiger to charge towards the ground. Right then, the old man seized the three-colored flower with an anxious look on his face and quickly got up. In desperation, he swiftly ran away.

The rays of light from Enchanted Treasures charged towards him from the back. There were even divine abilities chasing after him. The old man's face was filled with excitement. As he ran, he suddenly frowned and brought out a jade slip from his bosom, then checked it while he ran. The moment he did so, a brilliant light suddenly appeared in his eyes, and he stopped.

Almost at the instant he stopped, the many Enchanted Treasures and divine abilities closed in on him altogether. A loud bang reverberated in the air, but the old man continued standing his ground and did not budge an inch. All the Enchanted Treasures that crashed into him were reduced to ashes. As for the divine abilities, they fell apart completely.

"Kalpa Treasure…" The old man narrowed his eyes faintly. Once he put away the jade slip, he placed the three-colored flower into his mouth and bit into it before throwing it on the ground. He then whipped his head around to glare at the cultivators who had been stunned by the sight just now.

"Tricolored Flower, my foot! I'm one of the three great veterans in the later stage of World Plane Realm in Western Ring Nebula. So what if I snatched it from you?! Bah! It's not tasty either." The old man spat a few times on the ground before he charged towards the sky and disappeared without a trace.

There were seven cultivation planets that were forcefully moved to a certain region within Western Ring Nebula. These seven cultivation planets might have already been reduced to wastelands, but once they surrounded that region, the intimidating force they formed shook the entire Western Ring Nebula. All those with a bit of knowledge within them would immediately think of the strongest family within Western Ring Nebula when they saw the seven cultivation planets.

Li Family!

Li Family's Progenitor, Yuan Hua, was already in the later stage of World Plane Realm. His might intimidated everyone around, so the Li Family gained a great reputation within Western Ring Nebula and were known as the overlords of the galaxy.

It was rumored that Li Family's Progenitor had long hair that was thirty feet in length, and he had refined that hair into an Enchanted Treasure. The people who had died due to that hair were countless, and the progenitor had built the Li Family's influence based on his bloody fame.

Besides the Li Family, all the others staying in the seven cultivation planets were all their subordinates. They relied on the Li Family's protection and obeyed its orders. There was a range of tall mountains and a lake on the seventh cultivation planet. The water in the lake was incredibly clear, which was an extremely rare sight within the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

There was a wooden house beside the lake, and at that moment, there was a middle-aged man standing outside the wooden house. He had his head lowered, and there was zealousness amid the respect on his face.

"... That is how it happened. The four Great True Worlds have brought out a Kalpa Treasure as a reward."

"I understand, you may leave now." After a moment, a gentle voice came from the wooden house. The zealous look on the middle-aged man's face became even greater, and he bowed once and left.

"Kalpa Treasure… This sort of treasure will definitely attract Tian Huang Zi's attention, who is always willing to mix around with the small cultivators and doesn't have an ounce of a powerful warrior's mannerisms. Even Shi Shen Zi will definitely go wild over this as well.

"But… Kalpa Treasure, huh? Hmph, if that young Mo Su can cause the four Great True Worlds to bring out a Kalpa Treasure, then I mustn't underestimate him." The gentle voice slowly spread out before it gradually calmed down.

The entire Western Ring Nebula had gone mad for the reward of a Kalpa Treasure. Endless long arcs were charging through the galaxy. Everyone was doing their best to search for Mo Su. Occasionally, people would cross over the boundaries of Western Ring Nebula from other galaxies to join the chase as well.

Three dragons charged through the galaxy. Behind them were black longships. There were plenty of cultivators in black armor sitting on them. They all had their eyes closed in meditation as they remained still.

A young man in a Sacred Constellation Robe stood on the head of the dragon that was situated between the other two. There was a person in white sitting cross-legged beside him. That person's face was as white as jade, but it held an incredibly cold and indifferent expression. The man looked like a sharp sword that had been drawn out of its scabbard - calm, but with an outstanding presence.

"Ye Wang, if you become my follower, then I will assist you with all my abilities in destroying Mo Su and help you obtain that Kalpa Treasure. In the future, I will definitely make your sect the strongest among the Immortals."

"No need." The young man in white was naturally Ye Wang. Once he answered flatly, he closed his eyes, hiding the strange glare that appeared in his eyes when he heard of Mo Su's name.

'Mo Su… What a familiar name, could it be you..? If you aren't him, then fine, but if it's truly you… Then I don't care how you came to this place, but our fight hasn't ended.

'Over the years, you were the only one who could fight me to a tie, the only opponent who I can remember up to this date. You cannot die, because the only one who has the right to kill you is me!' Ye Wang muttered quietly in his heart with his eyes closed.

Among the hundreds of ancient bronze swords in Western Ring Nebula was Ze Long Shen, who was sitting cross-legged and meditating among the crowd. He looked into the distant galaxy, and Mo Su's name emerged in his head.

He was not the only one. Li Huo looked calm by his side, but a figure had also surfaced in his heart. That figure, too, was of a young man named Mo Su.

'Is it you..?' Li Huo shook his head.

These two people did not notice Ji Yun Hai… whose body was trembling lightly as he sat right beside them. The farther they went, the more he could feel a faint call affecting his body in an unseen manner.

'Mo Su… Su Ming… In the past, you didn't have the capability to detect that I had a wisp of divine sense left in my body. You refined my body into your clone and became my master. Who could have expected that we would now run into each other here..? Well then, it's time that we change our roles.' A freezing glare shone in Ji Yun Hai's eyes.
