# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 811

There were three ancient bronze swords in the lead of the other hundreds of ancient swords from True Sacred Yin World. They formed the three points of a perpendicular triangle. There was a person standing on the tip of each of those three swords.

The person standing at the tip of the sword located in the middle had the mark of a ball of flame at the center of his brows. He was dressed in a long red robe, and he was naturally the ninth-tier True Guard, Dao Ren, who had been given a wisp of Huo Zhu's power when he visited the main camp.

His eyes burned brightly. There were no flames spreading out of his body, but the area where he stood was incredibly hot. In fact, the sword under his feet was melting slowly.

'Mo Su…' Dao Ren narrowed his eyes, and killing intent appeared within them. This Mo Su was the one who had utterly humiliated True Sacred Yin World, and the main camp was also displeased. If they could not solve this problem within a month, then all of them would have to receive punishment.

The other two people on the tips of the other two ancient bronze swords in the lead were sitting with their legs crossed and meditating. One of them was an old man, and the other was a short boy.

Not a single ripple of power was spreading out from their bodies, but if anyone took a closer look, they would discover to their shock that there was not a single hint of the universe's law around them. It was as if the area around them was a void, as if even the galaxy wanted to avoid wherever they were.

Dao Ren turned his head around and looked towards the boy on the sword to his right and asked calmly, "Senior Han Tong Zi, how much longer will you need to locate Mo Su?"

Even though based on the presence Dao Ren was exuding he was only at the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm, the same as Zhao Family's Progenitor, but there was not a hint of respect within his words when he spoke to the boy. Instead, he was addressing him as his equal.

He would definitely not have done so in the past, but it was different now, since he was no longer just a True Guard. He had a status that surpassed the True Guards - Huo Zhu's messenger.

The boy opened his eyes. When his gaze landed on Dao Ren, he said calmly, "I will need four more hours before I can locate him."

"Four hours… Mo Su, with just four more hours, I will make it so that it will be impossible for you to escape anymore!" Killing intent shone in Dao Ren's eyes.

…..

At that moment, Su Ming was sitting cross-legged on the crimson coffin within Western Ring Nebula, leaving a cultivation planet. The booms from behind him were still echoing in the air, and waves of violent, murderous presences burst out. Some of the ferocious beasts even flew out of the planet.

"Oh yeah!" the bald crane cried out in excitement by his side. During the past few days, it had been unusually excited. Every single time it broke open the seals in a cultivation planet, it would think that it had taken revenge on the four Great True Worlds, and this feeling made it fall in love with this action.

"Su Ming, where should we go next? Let's break all the seals in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence and make the four Great True Worlds angry. The angrier they are, the more trouble they will be in, and the happier I will be." The bald crane was so excited that it began shuddering before it looked at Su Ming with expectant eyes.

"A Kalpa Treasure as a reward for killing me, huh?" Su Ming ignored the bald crane. His expression was incredibly dark. When he left the cultivation planet just now, he had learned about the four Great True Worlds adding another reward for his head.

"Su Ming, we can't continue anymore. We must leave immediately, and the further get away, the better. I didn't expect… that the four Great True Worlds would bring out a Kalpa Treasure as a reward." The Duke of Crimson Flame was by Su Ming's side. He looked at Su Ming with an anxious expression on his face.

"What is a Kalpa Treasure?" Su Ming asked.

Once the Duke of Crimson Flame finished making his explanations, Su Ming's face turned even darker. He clenched his fists instinctively, and even the bald crane no longer made any more noise. Clearly, it had been scared by the four Great True Worlds' actions.

"Aren't they thinking too highly of me? Kalpa Treasure… even I am tempted." Su Ming's eyes shone. His mind moved quickly, but he did not find any way for him to resolve this series of dangers.

Right from the start, this was destined to be a disaster that would cost his life. If the Four Great True Worlds wanted to kill him, then with their power, even an old monster in the later stage of World Plane Realm would not be able to escape death, much less him.

The only method for him to escape was to head to Black Ink Planet. That place was where the four Great True Worlds had the weakest influence. Once he stepped into Divine Essence Star Ocean through Black Ink Planet, then the four Great True Worlds would be helpless to chase after him, and as time passed, this matter would be forgotten and resolved naturally.

However, Black Ink Planet was too far away, and he would not be able to reach it in a short period of time. This sealed off his only method of survival. During the past few days, Su Ming had tried stepping into the dimension of the black stone fragment, which had fused into his soul, but it wasn't much use.

He could get in, but his body could not. Only his soul could do so, and if he was truly forced to this extent, then it would be the same as giving up on his physical body, and he would have to do everything from the beginning once more.

This method was not a perfect solution for him to avoid this disaster that would cost him his life. He would still eventually need to show himself, and once he showed up and revealed any hint of himself, he would be absolutely powerless to fight back, since he would no longer have a physical body, just a soul.

Besides, abandoning his physical body and his power was something Su Ming did not want to choose.

In silence, the crimson coffin charged through the galaxy. After the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, Su Ming's eyes flashed, determination shining there.

'Oh well, with my current level of cultivation, there's no way that I will be able to survive this disaster. Besides, I don't really need to hide in the dimension in the fragment for long. I won't believe that the four Great True Worlds will choose to seal off the Divinity Incarceration Rune of the Barren Lands of Divine Essence forever.

'As long as the Rune is activated and the Divinity Incarceration Rune is in operation once more, I will be able to use the Rune's power to warp, and no seal would work on me.

'At most, they will shut it down for a year, but it's likely to be even less, just a couple months or so, else… It's completely impossible for them to give up on the Divinity Incarceration Rune of the Barren Lands of Divine Essence just for me.

'If that is the case, then I will only need to hide for a period of time. During this period of time, as long as my physical body is safe, I will not suffer any injuries!

'It's a pity that from the tests earlier, I can't bring anything into the dimension besides my soul. I can't even bring my storage bag into the dimension. It wasn't like this when I was in Yin Death Region. Perhaps this is the strangeness of the Barren Lands of Divine Essence…'

"Ha…" Su Ming shook his head, and a glint appeared in his eyes. The speed of the crimson coffin beneath him increased exponentially and changed direction, charging straight towards the cultivation planet he had just left.

'Most of the seals in this cultivation planet have been broken. They will only send someone to form the seals again, but there should be only few people who could manage to figure out that I haven't left and am still around.' Su Ming's eyes sparkled. After a moment, the crimson coffin under his body rushed into the cultivation planet, broke the top layer of wind in the planet, and disappeared without a trace instead of descending.

There were multiple barren hills on this cultivation planets, as well as quite a large number of swamps. At that moment, Su Ming was sitting near one of the swamps. He had thought about several locations carefully and eventually chosen this one.

It wasn't entirely remote. Occasionally, some of the cultivators in the planet would pass by, because there was a strange Spirit Herb growing in this region. It contained a small wisp of spiritual energy. There might not be a lot of it, but it was enough to cause the cultivators in this planet to search for it.

"I have a treasure that can hide my presence. Once my presence disappears, bald crane, protect my physical body and don't come out. Hide in the swamp and wait for me. Duke of Crimson Flame, I'll have to rely on you here. I will only come out half a year later, and when my presence is no longer around…" As Su Ming was speaking, his expression suddenly changed.

Right at the instant this happened, the Duke of Crimson Flame lifted his head swiftly to look at the sky, and his expression instantly changed drastically.

"Don't enter the treasure that hides your soul! Damn it, this is the Eye of Solar Kalpa!" the Duke of Crimson Flame immediately cried out anxiously.

The sky was originally dark. The moment the duke cried out, the darkness in the sky disappeared and turned into a dim sky with faint light. Black snow floated down, and the sky instantly turned white.

Within that white sky, an illusory black sun appeared! It was a mere illusion, because this was not the real Solar Kalpa. This was the illusory sun of Lunar Kalpa Realm. Perhaps more accurately speaking, it was a moon!

This illusory black sun that looked like the moon but did not look like the moon at the same time caused the black snow to spread out once it appeared in the sky. During that instant, an eye appeared in the black sky!

This was an eye that contained wisdom and age. Right when it appeared, eyes appeared in the endless black snow floating down from the sky.

Each flake of snow was an eye!

"Lunar Kalpa Realm, and there's not just one. There are at least two people who are executing this at the same time, and this is the long-distance Eye of Solar Kalpa that can only be cast after people possess Kalpa Treasures of powerful might. They can locate everything within the area which they see!

"Su Ming, hurry up and give up on your physical body to hide! I don't know what method you have to hide your soul, but if you're confident, then use it! Hurry! Don't bother about us, your physical body… it, and I can't escape from being located. You are my people's hope. You must remember your promise to me. You have to find my people's Abyss Soul Flag. When you have the powers of an Abyss Builder, revive my people!

"Don't be attached to your physical body anymore. Even if you can leave via shifting, it's useless. Under the Eye of Solar Kalpa, we can't escape anywhere. It will be able to instantly locate us again.

"I will use the remaining power I saved for that shift to detonate my divine sense which will help to cover up the hiding of your soul. Su Ming… take care!"

The Duke of Crimson Flame was almost screaming. At that moment, booming sounds were echoing from the sky. Endless amount of eyes in the form of snow danced in the air. Powerful presences descended into the area. Cracking sounds came from all directions in the world. All the regions in the area had been frozen, as if they had been encased in ice at that instant.

This scene was even clearer up above. The moment the sky was turned into a layer of ice, ancient bronze swords shifted into the area. As the shadows of people appeared in flashes, a loud booming sound reverberated in the galaxy where forces of power from True Sacred Yin World were stationed.

An endless amount of ripples spread out. Those ripples formed a wave of impact that circled in the air, and as it did so… a gigantic Radix Planet slowly flew out from the True Sacred Yin World's region. This was the second time a Radix Planet was sent out during the endless passage of time.

The first time was when the anomaly in Black Ink Planet had occurred.

At the instant the Radix Planet came out, it immediately turned into an illusion and faded away, disappearing without a trace. At the same time, the galaxy in the area beyond the cultivation planet where Su Ming was roared. When the entire area was encased in ice, the space within a certain part in the region was forcefully torn apart, and the Radix Planet descended!

This huge celestial body that was formed by numerous celestial planets and looked like a distorted staircase was swiftly manifesting in the air. Half of it had already appeared. As it did so, a huge power that could seal space spread out. This was what the True Guards from True Sacred Yin World had prepared to prevent Su Ming from shifting. Once the Radix Planet appeared in its complete form, the seal would be complete. All those below Solar Kalpa Realm would not be able to shift.

They first found where he was, then the Radix Planet descended to lock onto his movements so that he could not shift. Once that was done, there was no need to worry that he would escape.

"Su Ming, what are you still thinking about?! Hurry! I can sense that the War Radix Celestial Body from the four Great True Worlds has already appeared!" the Duke of Crimson Flame roared. The sky twisted. The shadow of a huge sword appeared, and an endless amount of long arcs manifested in the air.

Right at the instant the duke was about to rush out, a hint of madness suddenly appeared in Su Ming's eyes. "Duke of Crimson Flame, with your full power, shift!" Su Ming's eyes were filled with madness, but his voice was so calm that it was terrifying.

The Duke of Crimson Flame whipped his head around and cried out with an anxious look on his face. "What?!"

"Shift… to Western Ring Nebula's… foreign land!"
