# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 812

Most of the Radix Planet had already descended. Hundreds of ancient bronze swords filled the entire galaxy. Cultivation planets charged through space in the form of long arcs. The huge net where no escape would be possible was about to be placed. All the True Guards from True Sacred Yin World stationed within the Barren Lands of Divine Essence had moved out. They had also brought out the offerings needed to ask the two cultivators from Lunar Kalpa Realm to help them, a telling sign that their desire to kill Su Ming had already become incredibly strong.

"You still have ten breaths before the Radix Planet completely descends. Ten breaths later, even if you can shift, you won't be able to use it at all."

An ancient bronze sword that was clearly much bigger than the rest appeared in the galaxy. Dao Ren, who had the mark of the ball of flames at the center of his brows, stood at the tip of the sword. Invisible, burning flames spread out from his body as he stared at the cultivation planet not too far in the distance.

"Even if you shift now, you won't be able to change the outcome. No matter where you shift, we will be able to catch up to you in an instant," Dao Ren said while laughing coldly.

The galaxy was frozen. As cracking sounds viciously spread out, the Duke of Crimson Flame gritted his teeth as he stood on the cultivation planet and stopped speaking due to the determination in Su Ming's calm voice. Instead, as he let out a roar towards the sky, ripples madly spread out from his entire body.

Those ripples swept out in all directions before they enveloped Su Ming and the bald crane within. At the instant those endless long arcs were about to arrive, the space around them let out violent, booming sounds.

Right at the moment those booming sounds shook the sky and earth and the Radix Planet completely descended to form the net which would allow no escape, the Duke of Crimson Flame disappeared along with Su Ming and the bald crane. In the blink of an eye, they fused with the ripples and shifted from the place.

Su Ming's disappearance did not cause any change of expression on the faces of the True Guards that had descended from the sky. It was as if they had expected this much from the start. Almost the instant Su Ming shifted, the Radix Planet appeared in its complete form in the sky. Waves of powerful light swept through the planet, and all the True Guards along with the ancient bronze swords disappeared.

There was not a single True Guard left within or outside the cultivation planet. It was as if everything had just been an illusion.

There was a unique place in Western Ring Nebula, and there was an endless amount of cracks in space there. Freezing wind always blew out from those cracks, and it would moan as it went around. Due to the large number of cracks, this place was surrounded by wind, distorting and turning blurry the sight of anyone who came here.

The wind was not strong. In fact, if a cultivator in Earth Cultivation Realm was a little more careful, they could be safe in this wind. However, in this harmless looking region, there was… one of the foreign lands where all the cultivators in the entire Western Ring Region and even the entire Barren Lands of Divine Essence would freeze in their tracks, and where very few would dare enter!

Western Ring Nebula's foreign land!

There wasn't much danger from the wind because this place was just the entrance. There wasn't much danger within all the entrances to the foreign lands. However, if anyone entered one of those cracks, that would no longer be so.

All of these cracks possessed the power of Relocation. No matter what sort of life form stepped into the crack, it would instantly be sent to the foreign land. The true danger would begin after the person was sent in, that was where the nightmare began.

At that moment, ripples appeared out of nowhere in this region. As they spread out, Su Ming's body manifested in space. He was alone. The bald crane was not with him, and neither was the Duke of Crimson Flame.

The bald crane had been put away by Su Ming, and the Duke of Crimson Flame… used up all his strength during that shift and fell into deep slumber. After all, this shift was not like any other. He had used it when the Eyes of Solar Kalpa were locked onto them, and the power he had to use far surpassed what he would usually need.

The unconscious Duke of Crimson Flame turned into a totem on Su Ming's right arm. It was dull, but had a hint of life force within it. He would need time to recuperate before he could wake up.

Right after Su Ming appeared, he took a step forward without any hesitation towards the foreign land. He moved so quickly that his body looked like a long arc that charged forward. Almost at the instant Su Ming appeared, the galaxy started roaring violently right where he had manifested moments before.

As those roaring sounds reverberated in the air, a gigantic outline appeared in the galaxy, and it looked like a distorted flight of stairs. That was naturally the Radix Planet! Once it locked onto Su Ming, no matter where he was, it would instantly shift and chase after him.

Once the Radix Planet appeared, huge ancient bronze swords manifested within an instant in the galaxy beyond the foreign land. There were hundreds of them, and during that moment, countless long arcs also appeared in the area.

"Foreign land! This is… Western Ring Nebula's foreign land!"

"Damn it, he shifted here? What does he want to do? Is he thinking about fighting for a slim chance of survival by entering the foreign land because he knows he'll definitely die facing us?"

"Foreign land!"

The moment those ancient bronze swords appeared, the countless True Guards on them stood up altogether. Just as they were about to move out of the swords, they saw their surroundings clearly, and they also saw Su Ming charging into the distance.

Ze Long Shen was also in the crowd. He was staring at Su Ming, who was before him, and a strange light appeared in his eyes. Complicated emotions also appeared in Li Huo's eyes, who was by his side.

Ji Yun Hai's pupils shrank. The faint call had grown incredibly strong at that instant, causing him to almost be unable to control his own body and rush forward.

As the True Sacred Yin World's True Guards appeared, the ripples in the galaxy spread out viciously. A black sun also manifested high above. A glint appeared in that eye and focused on Su Ming.

Su Ming's footsteps halted. He turned around swiftly and looked at the hundreds of gigantic ancient swords, the even bigger Radix Planet, and the large number of True Guards. At that moment, he had already rushed into the wind in the area. In fact, there was a crack in space less than thirty feet behind him.

Weak waves of absorption force spread out, letting Su Ming know clearly that this crack was one of the entrances that would lead him into the foreign land.

He finally saw the three people standing on the three swords that were located at forefront. He saw a boy and another person, both of whom did not let out any ripples of power but were powerful warriors that made his eyes sting in pain when he looked at them.

Su Ming had seen that invisible mighty pressure spreading out from those people before!

The three souls that were sealed in his body when he was in Yin Death Region had also been at this Realm. These were… terrifying existences within Lunar Kalpa Realm. As the duo stood on the swords, the galaxy around them seemed to have stopped all manner of operation. This was a mighty power that caused Su Ming's heart to tremble in shock.

Besides these two people, there was also a young man standing on the sword located in the middle. He had the mark of a flame at the center of his brows. That young man's gaze was filled with powerful killing intent. Su Ming only met that gaze for one moment, and an endless amount of heat immediately surrounded him.

There were tens of thousands of True Guards in the area, and these three people were the leaders. When Su Ming saw that there were so many people who were mobilized to kill him, a smile appeared on his lips, and it gradually became brighter and brighter, until Su Ming eventually began laughing loudly.

He was laughing because he saw that not a single one of those True Guards dared to step into the region where the entrances laid, even though there was no danger whatsoever in this place. He was laughing because he saw that the two powerful warriors who made his heart tremble when he looked at them and his cultivation base to freeze as well as the young man with the mark of the flame on the center of his brows were frowning.

He had even sensed that all the people that came, including that trio at the front, not only did not dare step into the region, they also prevented the ripples of their power from getting close to the area of the foreign land to the best of their abilities. Those ripples only spread to the peripheral edges.

He also saw Ze Long Shen and Li Huo, who had complicated expressions on their faces, along with Ji Yun Hai, who was staring at him fixedly by their side.

This sight let Su Ming know that he had made the right bet. Shifting to the foreign land was great bet, and he had to take it. Even if he had taken the option to hide in the dimension in the fragment when he was in the cultivation planet, not only would his physical body would have definitely been destroyed, the Duke of Crimson Flame would have also died certainly, and no matter how well the bald crane hid itself, it would also have found it difficult to escape from this disaster.

Even if Su Ming no longer had any emotions, he still could not do something like let the companions by his side suffer such consequences for his survival. Besides, even if he had hidden his soul, it still would have been difficult for him to escape being suppressed and sealed. It might have been difficult for him to walk out of the dimension in the fragment at that time, and once he walked out, he would still die.

If that was the case, then he might as well take a risk and head to the foreign land that would cause people to pale in fright when they talked about it. He would head there and fight for a chance at survival. That was his choice.

As Su Ming laughed, all the True Guards beyond the foreign land fell into silence.

"During the multiple times where I've been chased, the people I saw were all of you from True Sacred Yin World of the four Great True Worlds… If I don't die in the foreign land… then I will eventually return the favor!" There was an endless chill to Su Ming's laughter. He took a few steps back, moving to the edge of the crack.

"If you have the courage, you can continue chasing me into the foreign land and continue coming after my life." Killing intent appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He put into memory all of the faces of the people there, especially the three strongest among them. At the instant he finished his speech, he took a step back and entered the crack completely.

"Entering the foreign land is the same as entering hell. Forget about you, it is rare even for those in Solar Kalpa Realm to survive… Since you don't want to die at our hands, you can commit suicide by heading into the foreign land. We can allow this," Dao Ren stated flatly, being the one to speak at this moment.

Su Ming heard his words, but he did not speak. Before his body disappeared as he was relocated, he cast Dao Ren a deep glance, and that one glance caused the man's heart to tremble.

He saw a resolve and determination that he had never seen before in anyone else within Su Ming's eyes. That gaze sent forth a message that Su Ming did not say with his mouth, and that message was sent to them incredibly clearly.

"I will definitely return!"

Su Ming's body swiftly disappeared in the crack that was like a gaping mouth. Once it devoured Su Ming, it looked as if it was laughing and mocking the people while looking at the same time as if it was waiting for others to enter it as well.

Time passed. Dao Ren clenched his fists, and a freezing glare appeared in his eyes.

"The child stepped into the foreign land. He will surely die. There is no need for us to keep the bounty on his head. There is no possibility that he will survive. No one managed to obtain the reward for his life, but we still managed to resolve this, and we can now answer to the main camp."

Ripples spread out within the galaxy. Gradually, the hundreds of swords and the endless True Guards faded away, slowly disappearing with the Radix Planet while immersed in their emotions and silence.

When they completely disappeared, many of the True Guards who left still remembered Su Ming's gaze before he was relocated. That gaze remained in their heads and did not disappear for a long, long time.
