# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 820

Su Ming lifted his foot. The moment the crowd around him was shocked by the booming that came from the Rune being torn apart, he took a step forward. With it, Su Ming instantly disappeared.

His disappearance did not surprise the people, because in their hearts, he was always the strongest in this place, but the pupils of the Abyss Dragon by the side shrank at that instant in disbelief. It watched the spot where Su Ming had disappeared with a blank look in its eyes.

During that instant, it had sensed a powerful presence of World Planes. In fact, it even sensed danger. This was a sense of something that could threaten its existence, and this brought disbelief to the Abyss Dragon.

Bang!

In the distance, Dao Yuan and the five Dao Slaves stepped through the barrier around the island. The arrogant look on Dao Yuan's face had just appeared, but before the words he had prepared could leave his mouth, the expressions of the five Dao Slaves around him suddenly changed drastically.

Almost at the instant this happened, Su Ming walked out. He had an apathetic look on his face, but the murderous intent in his eyes was monstrous. At the instant he appeared, he charged towards Dao Yuan without any hesitation.

"A powerful warrior! A powerful World Paragon! Damn it, why is there a powerful World Paragon here?!"

"Protect the young master! The stench of blood on this person is incredibly thick, and his power of World Planes is great. This is… the bloody aura of someone who has killed numerous people in the same realm!"

As the expressions of the five Dao Slaves changed, one of them immediately grabbed Dao Yuan to charge backwards. The other four turned into long arcs and rushed towards Su Ming. When they closed in, their cultivation bases erupted at full force, but it was a pity… while they were World Paragons in the initial stage of World Plane Realm, in the land of Berserkers, their power of World Planes was restricted. The combat prowess they could bring out was capable of pushing Su Ming into the depths of despair in the past, but now…

He charged forward and instantly crashed into the four. A loud bang that shook the world reverberated in the air when Su Ming's right fist landed on Dao Slave 19's body.

The man's eyes instantly went wide. His body started shattering inch by inch, and his flesh as well as his blood fell to pieces. When faced with the current Su Ming… he was instantly killed. The destructive power of World Planes surged into his shattered body, tore apart his Nascent Divinity, and wiped away his soul. His body and spirit were destroyed.

At the same time, all the divine abilities from the other three Dao Slaves landed on Su Ming's body, but to their shock, they inflicted absolutely no damage. In fact, their divine abilities did not even manage to make Su Ming slow down for a moment. They could only watch wide-eyed as Dao Slave 19 was instantaneously killed.

"Forget the fact that you can't even activate your power of World Planes, even if you were capable of doing so, you're just merely in the initial stage of World Plane Realm… It wouldn't be difficult for me to kill you then, while now… it's as easy as breathing!" Su Ming turned around, and monstrous hatred flashed in his eyes. His voice was like a chilling gust of wind that blew past, causing the hearts of the three Dao Slaves to shudder.

In the distance, Dao Slave 51 held onto Dao Yuan as he fled. Shock could be seen on the young lord's face, along with fear. The three Dao Slaves before Su Ming immediately retreated, his might bring great pressure to them. In fact, when his words fell into their ears, they did not feel a single hint of conceit from him.

It was just as he said. Even if they did execute the power of World Planes, they still might not be his opponent. They felt this was certainly right based on that murderous aura about him, which made them incredibly apprehensive. This was a bloodthirsty aura that could only be gathered on a single person after he had killed a great number of people. This sort of powerful warrior was not someone they could provoke, but Su Ming's appearance was too sudden, and they did not even know how they had offended him.

After all, while they had come with killing intent, they had not damaged even a single patch of grass on this land. At most, they had only torn down the barrier.

"This must be a misunderstanding. Sir, please do not be angry. We are from Morning Dao Sect. This must be a misunderstanding."

"That's right. We're only passing by this place while protecting our young master. We did not know that you were training here in silence. Please allow us to show our apology in the form of gifts, and we will immediately leave."

"Sir, you have extraordinary power. You're certainly not some nobody. We have no grudge nor enmity between us, this is just a misun—"

The three people spoke one after another, Su Ming's strength having terrified them. At that moment, they did not bother to pursue Dao Slave 19's death, because leaving this place was the most important thing. That was why they placed themselves in an incredibly low position and wrapped their fists in their palms to apologize.

But before the three people could even finish speaking, laughter thick with forlornness immediately cut their words off.

"No grudge nor enmity?" Su Ming's laughter was incredibly bitter and desolate. There was also a hatred to it that could burn the heavens. The moment he asked his question, he took a step forward. The expressions of the three Dao Slaves changed drastically. Knowing that retreating would mean their deaths, their eyes turned bloodshot during, and they charged towards Su Ming.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

"No grudge nor enmity? You say that there is no grudge nor enmity between us?!"

Booms came from under Su Ming's feet, and faint golden light swiftly spread out from there to an area of ten thousand feet. Once it was covered by the light, it turned into rolling golden fog. It was Su Ming's power of World Planes.

At the instant it erupted forth, Dao Slave 21's body fell apart. He had been crushed alive by Su Ming's power of World Planes and had collapsed.

"How could we have no grudge nor enmity between us?!"

As Su Ming's voice echoed in the air, he moved beside Dao Slave 31. With hatred fueled actions, he pierced through the center of Dao Slave 31's brows with his right index finger and shattered his skull. Su Ming allowed Dao Slave 31's attacks to land on him before his death, completely unperturbed.

"This is… the Sacred Constellation Robe! He has the Sacred Constellation Robe!" Before his death, Dao Slave 31 let out a cry that was filled with utmost surprise. These were his last words in this life.

"The hate between us burns the skies!"

Su Ming turned around swiftly. Once he killed Dao Slave 31, he looked towards Dao Slave 41, whose expression had changed drastically due to the shock he experienced after he heard Dao Slave 31's words before his death and who was rapidly retreating without any hesitation at that moment.

Powerful killing intent appeared in Su Ming's eyes. During that instant, and in a manner that not even he himself noticed, the runic symbol that had been formed not too long ago and had replaced his right pupil shone abruptly in his right eye under his great murderous intent.

During that instant, Dao Slave 41, who had been retreating, suddenly shuddered. The image of the runic symbol in Su Ming's right eye was immediately reflected in an inverse manner in Dao Slave 41's right eye.

Almost at the moment this happened, Dao Slave 41 let out a shrill scream. As his body trembled, his cultivation base began quickly dispersing, and within an instant, there was not a single shred of power left in him. He had become a mortal.

At the same time, as if his body could not withstand the flash of power from the runic symbol in Su Ming's eye, it shattered and turned into ashes. Without a sound.

After he died, a runic symbol took form in midair, then charged back. It fused with the runic symbol in Su Ming's right eye, which became even clearer and shone even brighter.

Su Ming was momentarily stunned, but at that moment, he did not want to investigate the secrets in his eye. Instead, he looked at Dao Slave 51 and Dao Yuan, who were retreating in the distance. Dao Yuan's face was stark pale. When he saw Su Ming looking towards him, he let out a piercing scream.

"Who are you?! Just who are you?! You have the Sacred Constellation Robe, but I've never seen you before! Who are you?!"

Almost at the moment Dao Yuan's screams rang out, Dao Slave 51 began trembling beside him. The runic symbol in Su Ming's right eyes had appeared in both his eyes at the same time.

There was no racket. Without any sound, Dao Slave 51 lost all his cultivation base as his body shivered, and he instantly shattered, turning into two runic symbols that instantly flew towards Su Ming. Once they fused into his right eye, the runic symbol began flashing viciously, and overlapping images appeared. This was clearly due to three runic symbols having been put on top of each other.

"You can't kill me! I have the Sacred Constellation Robe! No one can kill me!" Dao Yuan began screaming shrilly while shivering. The fear in his heart had reached extreme levels, and as he swung his right hand, the item he had brought out a long time ago began sending out a force that summoned others.

The sky began to roar, and ripples spread out, longships appeared. There were numerous people on those longships.

"Attack! Kill him! Kill him!!" Dao Yuan screamed, madness evident in his eyes.

Yet at the instant those longships and the people on them appeared, Su Ming's lips curled up into a cold sneer. He had been waiting for this moment. Killing those five Dao Slaves and Dao Yuan alone was not enough to him to vent his rage and hate. He had been waiting for these people to come. He wanted… to kill all of them!

Boom!

Su Ming's power of World Planes fully spread out. That faint golden fog immediately expanded to an area of fifty thousand feet, turning it into his world. He leaped up and charged into the sky, crashing into the incoming longships.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Endless booms rang out nonstop in the sky. Once the Dao Slaves that were World Paragons were no longer present, the strongest were just in Heaven Cultivation Realm. In fact, most of the people were just in Earth and Man Cultivation Realm. This sort of cultivators could only be slaughtered by Su Ming.

The booming continued for about the time it takes for an incense stick to burn. The sky was dyed in a shade of blood, and runic symbols appeared in the sky one after another. There were hundreds of them. They circled about, following Su Ming. When he walked down from the sky with the stench of blood around him, they finally surged into his right eye, filling it with strange overlapping shadows that would terrify people.

In Dao Yuan's eyes, the blood fog behind Su Ming surged into the sky. As he walked over, it looked as if it had turned into a cloak. At that moment, Su Ming looked as if he was dressed in a cloak formed by the blood-red sky, and with a boundless amount of murderous aura, he was walking towards Dao Yuan.

"You can't kill me, you cannot kill me, we have no grudge between us…" Dao Yuan was filled with fear and despair. As he quickly retreated, Su Ming's right eye suddenly shone, and hundreds of runic symbols appeared at the same time on Dao Yuan's body. Those runic symbols were on various spots of his body, and they were all shining. Dao Yuan's voice fell silent, and his body shattered instantaneously. In fact, even his Sacred Constellation Robe was reduced to ashes due to those flashing runic symbols.

The world fell silent instantly, the people on the ninth summit looking at Su Ming with blank gazes, almost suffocating for having forgotten to breathe.

Su Ming stood quietly in midair when he suddenly began laughing. However, as he laughed, he turned his head around and looked at the people of the ninth summit around him. He looked at the faces that had died for the ninth summit, and the grief in his eyes rose within him once more.

"I see… so killing is so simple an act…"
