# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 840

"Bastard, if it wasn't because we can't attack in this place, then I would definitely kill you. You're the one who caused us to fall to such a state. You deserve to die!"

The ones who had thrown out biting and sinister words at Su Ming just now were looking at the hundreds of new people descending to the place with pleasure within them in regards to their misery. They continued venting out their frustrations with curses.

In this place where they were not allowed to fight back, besides using cruel words to curse others, there was no other way for them to vent their anger. Even if flinging verbal abuse brought no physical harm to others, if they did not do this, what else could they do?

"I curse you that your entire family dies! I curse you that your race will die a horrific death! I curse you that your lover will be abused by others! I curse you that your bloodline will end!!"

"That's right, everything is because of you, you damned bastard! If I get the chance to make my stone monument reach one million feet, I'll go and search for the people who are acquainted with you in the world outside during those one thousand years and kill all of them so that I can vent my hatred."

The voices rose and fell without stop. These people sounded as if they had descended into madness, and their verbal abuses grew stronger. The hundreds of years worth of oppression made it difficult for them to remain relaxed and calm. Once they witnessed the deaths of those in the area again and again, they placed the fault for all of this on Su Ming.

Su Ming looked as if he did not hear any of it. His indifferent expression caused the insults and curses to become even stronger. In fact, an even larger amount of people started throwing rebukes and slurs at Su Ming.

They wished that Su Ming would retaliate, because only then would they be able to find a hint of pleasure and be able to bury some of the despair they felt in this land.

They were pitiful people. Because if a cultivator was reduced to a state in which they could only shout and scream, it was certainly… a miserable thing.

In the mid of their slandering, Su Ming looked at the air calmly. At the instant the hundreds of newcomers descended in the place and their bodies landed on the ground, the hundreds of purple stone monuments in Su Ming's eyes started shining with a brilliant light.

Under that light, names started appearing on hundreds of stone monuments.

The light continued shining brightly, and those hundreds of stone monuments immediately rose. This was the initial increase of height based on the person's level of cultivation. As booming sounds reverberated in the air, one of the stone monuments among the hundreds of new ones reached thirty thousand something feet!

Most of the remaining ones were only twenty thousand something feet tall.

It was rare for a stone monument to start off at thirty thousand something feet in this place. Immediately, some of the people's gazes fixed on an old man.

The old man's face was gloomy as blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth. He wiped away the blood and quietly sat down to meditate. He completely ignored the gazes looking at him from the area. Instead, he lifted his head and looked at the air. A wave of killing intent as well as hatred showed up in the depths of his eyes.

'It's him.' Su Ming cast the old man a glance and smiled faintly.

"Peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm!"

"This person is an old monster at the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm. By the looks, he's injured. Could it be that he came to this place to hide from his enemies?"

"Zhao Family's Progenitor! He's Zhao Family's Progenitor!"

"What happened outside during these hundreds of years? How could Zhao Family's Progenitor be forced to this place?"

In the mid of the people's shock, most of the hundreds of people besides the old man looked around them with complicated expressions. Once they saw the ninety thousand people in the place, they were first taken aback, but as they swept their gaze across the crowd, their eyes landed on Su Ming, and some of them immediately revealed surprised delight.

"Mo Su! He's Mo Su! I remember him! He hasn't changed at all during these thousand years! He's the Mo Su that can give us our freedom!"

A man with an incredibly hot temper lifted his head and laughed at the sky. Within an instant, he charged towards Su Ming. His movements were seen by the ninety thousand people in the place, and their gazes turned into ones of mockery and derision. Those were the expressions of people watching something for entertainment. They could already imagine the moment of the person's death.

"Mo Su!"

The man traveled incredibly quickly. He closed in on Su Ming in the blink of an eye, and as he laughed ferociously, he lifted his right hand. But just as his hand was about to strike, Su Ming averted his gaze from the air and cast him a flat look.

Just that one gaze alone instantly caused booming sounds that were akin to thunder exploding to rise in the man's heart. He had a strong feeling that while Su Ming's gaze seemed calm, it possessed a mighty pressure that he could not fight against.

This mighty pressure surpassed all manner of power and stood above all things. In fact, the man had the feeling that he had become a servant, and his life was in Su Ming's hands. With just one thought, he might be reduced to dust and vanish into thin air, no matter what cultivation he possessed.

The mighty pressure pressing down on his soul turned into a sharp pain that morphed into fear, and he shuddered in midair while letting out a shrill scream. His body plunged down, and as it swiftly withered away, his screams of pain echoed in the air, but he did not immediately die. Clearly, it Su Ming did not want to kill him.

This man was a person from a purple stone monument, and Su Ming… was the master of the purple stone monuments.

This scene immediately attracted the attention of the hundreds of newcomers. Their expressions changed, a telling sign that they were shocked and frightened by this scene. Even the gloomy looking Zhao Family's Progenitor instinctively cast a glance in that direction, noticing Su Ming.

At the instant he looked over, he recognized Su Ming. With a slightly complicated expression, he shook his head. Zhao Family's Progenitor looked away once again with a gloomy look, as if he was waiting for something.

Ignoring the screaming man, Su Ming looked at Zhou Kang and said softly, "Big brother Zhou, your wife's and your guess… was correct." Once Su Ming finished saying these words, he swept his gaze over the people who had been flinging verbal insults at him just now.

"You are pitiful," he said calmly. "If you want freedom, then I will give you freedom." He spoke in a relaxed manner, and as he did so, he lifted his right hand and pointed forward.

That finger was directed towards the old man who had cursed Su Ming's entire race.

The old man's lips curled up into a cold sneer. They could not attack each other in this place. If Mo Su dared attack him, then he would definitely die, so the old man was not frightened. Instead, as he laughed coldly, he continued speaking.

"Not only will I curse your entire race, I will also curse your…"

Before he could finish his sentence, his expression suddenly changed drastically. The instant Su Ming pointed at his body, he started disappearing, starting from his feet.

"This is impossible. You-you…" The old man's expression was filled with shock. Fear took root in his heart and body, but he could only speak up to that point. At that moment, his body swiftly turned into dust, as if his existence was forcefully wiped off.

"You too." Su Ming pointed again, and another cultivator that had thrown slanderous remarks just now was instantly reduced to ashes as he screamed shrilly.

This scene completely stunned all the people in the land. To them, this was a terrifying event, something past the boundaries of their imagination, since… Su Ming had killed, but he was not at all punished. This caused the people's fears to immediately become much greater.

"And you too." Su Ming lifted his finger and pointed once more. Immediately, another person disappeared with a shrill scream.

Because of that, a commotion instantly broke out in the land. As everyone moved back, the people who had cursed Su Ming just now immediately fell into madness. Some of them retreated, while others charged towards Su Ming with a glint in their eyes.

At that moment, a thought had risen in the hearts of all those rushing towards Su Ming. Could it be… that they could attack in this place now?

Yet at the instant they activated their divine abilities, a great will swept through the place. All those whose divine abilities landed on Su Ming were wiped off once that will swept past them.

Fear, shock, disbelief, and various other emotions rose within the hearts of the tens of thousands of people during that moment. They could not believe what they were seeing.

All those who had insulted Su Ming just now and had not died immediately entered the worlds in their stone monuments to hide. The fear in their hearts turned into despair, as well as surging hatred and terror. They could not understand why Su Ming could kill.

And… by the looks of it, he was not attacking with his power. Instead… the law in the land seemed to be obeying his words. As long as he wanted to kill, the law of the land would wipe off those he wanted dead.

At the moment Su Ming saw the people scattering and some of them reaching for their stone monuments, making it seem that it would be difficult for him to instantly kill all of them, Su Ming opened his mouth and said flatly, "Wipe them all off."

The shadow in the air which was formed by the law of the land and which could only be seen by Su Ming bent his back and bowed, then the will of the law immediately spread out. Shrill screams of pain traveled out of the mouths of all those who had insulted Su Ming. As their bodies were about to shatter, their expressions filled with fear and despair.

Suddenly, all the cultivators in the land felt their hearts shake. As their expressions changed drastically, nine wills with an ancient air and a boundless presence descended swiftly from the air.

Each of those nine wills were on equal grounds in terms of power with the purple Ecang, and that power was one that could instantly kill a person. With anger, the wills descended and rushed towards Su Ming.

These nine wills, these nine other souls from Ecang's body, sent out an intense wave of displeasure to Su Ming's soul in regards to him killing their tributes.

They had a promise between each other that they would not kill each other's tributes, or else there would no longer be any cultivators who would come to the place, and they would no longer obtain what was necessary for them to heal. That was why once Su Ming attacked and killed their tributes, they descended in indignation and started interrogating him.

"Why did you break our promise?!"

"Why did you kill our tributes?!"

"Purple, you have to give us an explanation!"

"Purple, they were my tributes, if you can't give me a satisfactory explanation, then even if I have to pay a price, I will make the law here kill several times the number of your tributes in retaliation of the number of my tributes you killed."

Su Ming did not back down a single inch in the face of the wrath from the nine wills in his soul. He instead sent his own will and had it crash against the nine wills.

"Your tributes offended me!" Su Ming's will did not compromise even the slightest. Instead, the voice from his will echoed unyieldingly in his soul.

The nine wills instantly stopped their interrogation, as if they were thinking about what Su Ming said.

"Should not those who offended us Ecang be killed?" Su Ming's will became even more fierce and unyielding. Several breaths later, the nine wills roared once again.

"They should be killed! Those who offend us Ecang should be killed!"

"I see, so that's how it is. Then they should die. They're only tributes, how dare they offend us Ecang?! They should die!"

As the nine wills roared, it did not matter whether the people who had thrown verbal abuses at Su Ming just now had scattered or entered the world in their stone monuments, they vanished without a trace while screaming shrilly.
