# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 847

Su Ming predicted that there would definitely be some old monsters among the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout on the barren lands. These people might rarely venture out, but if an enemy barged into the main camp stationed in the barren lands, then they would surely appear at the fastest speed they could muster.

Su Ming was not conceited enough to think that he could fight against those old monsters. He knew that while his Ecang clone could fight against galaxies, that was because of Divine Essence and because life forms like Ecang were very similar to the universe.

It could be said that such life forms were the same type of existence as the universe. However… his clone was still weak and incomplete, that was why… even if the universe could not destroy him, there would be some cultivators in the universe who could do it.

'The forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over the barren lands are divided into four regions. Each of them corresponds with one of the four Great Galaxies, which include Western Ring Nebula… Behind the four regions is an endless cosmos. In its depths… is a vortex formed of planets. That place… is the spot where the main camp of the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds is located.'

The scenes of what he'd seen about the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds when he used the Divinity Incarceration Rune all those years ago when the bald crane was still awake resurfaced in his mind.

'I only have one chance. I can only barge in from one of the regions and step into the main camp.' The purple lightning rumbled in the galaxy. Su Ming remained cool and unexcited within it as his body floated in space. The lightning under his feet was tumbling about as if in seawater and brought his body to charge forward with a speed that was akin to shifting.

'The forces keeping a lookout over Western Ring Nebula are from True Sacred Yin World. Most of the True Guards who came after my life all those years ago were from True Sacred Yin World. Ze Long Shen, Li Huo, and Ji Yun Hai were also among them.

'It won't be difficult for me to learn of the identity of the Lord Vice General Kong Huan mentioned earlier.'

Su Ming's purple hair fluttered in space, causing that near ancient presence on his face to give off a bizarre air that was difficult to describe with words. It was especially so for that pale face, which made him look as if he was terminally ill. Due to it, the bizarre air about him became even greater.

The overlapping shadows of the runic symbols in his right eye shone, and his left pupil turned into a vortex. There was purple lightning spreading out through that vortex, and it gradually looked as if a world was contained inside there. In that world, there were ten thousand purple stone monuments. There were hundreds of people unconscious under those stone monuments, and two of them were naturally the middle-aged and old True Guards whom Su Ming had forced into the foreign land.

As they remained unconscious, purple fog spread out from the stone monuments and seeped into their minds. Within an instant, their memories took shape in Su Ming's left eye.

'True Sacred Yin World… Taia Planet [1]... Vice General… Wu Li Zi!

'Wu Li Zi… Solar Kalpa Realm… has a green sun possessing five lights!

'Taia Planet… outside the main camp… one of the Radix Planets of the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World keeping a lookout over Western Ring Nebula!' Su Ming's eyes flashed, and when clarity returned to his eye, there was a freezing glare in his gaze.

'So she's not in the main camp? If that's the case… then the chance of success will be around eight-tenths.' Su Ming closed his eyes. As the purple lightning around him let out booming sounds, he became even faster. Within an instant, he had already traveled a great distance, but he was still charging towards the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World keeping a lookout over Western Ring Nebula.

He traveled so quickly that he looked like a ray of purple light that was slicing through the galaxy. Wherever he passed, the laws and rules in the galaxy would avoid him, as if they did not want to get close to him, a telling sign of how domineering was Su Ming's Ecang clone. This also allowed Su Ming's speed to reach a terrifying extent.

'Ninety breaths later, I will be able to see the Space Sealing Rune outside the spot where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds are stationed.'

…..

Thirty breaths later, several cultivators saw a layer of purple covering the white sky above them as they remained in the endless cultivation planets of Western Ring Nebula. That layer of purple caused entire worlds to turn purple in an instant.

In the area where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over the barren lands were stationed, a portion belonged to True Sacred Yin World. Within that area was a gigantic set of planets that formed a Radix Planet located slightly further away but not too far away from the main camp of the four Great True Worlds. The planets in the Radix Planet that were positioned like a distorted flight of stairs were shining with a brilliant light. In the set of Radix Planets at the spot which was similar to the spot where the heart of a human would be located was a green continent.

Green grass covered the continent, and there were plenty of lush, green mountains on it as well. An endless amount of intelligent beasts were playing around with each other. Wind blew past the grass, causing rustling sounds to reverberate in the air. Those sounds fused with the noise of the wind, forming a beautiful, sweet sound of nature that drifted through the area.

At the center of the meadow was a tent. Outside that tent were eight children playing around with each other. They wore happy expression, and their laughter echoed through through the area.

Within the tent was a woman in green. Only her back could be seen; she was facing a bronze mirror while combing her dark locks. As she sat there, her graceful body would cause people to think dirty thoughts.

…..

Another thirty breaths passed. The booming sounds from the purple lightning from Western Ring Nebula became even louder. The cultivators from the cultivation planets were no longer the only ones who could see the lightning, even the cultivators who were charging through the galaxy found their expressions changing drastically. All the light in the area turned into purple during that instant. They could vaguely sense that the laws around them were distorting and shrinking back.

This scene shook the hearts of all cultivators who saw it, and during that moment, they looked in unison towards the purple lightning that was like an ocean in the galaxy.

Beyond the Radix Planet called Taia was a young man in blue. He had the mark of a fire at the center of his brows, in place of a peach blossom that had been there before.

He had an indifferent expression on his face, and he looked as if there was a layer of invisible fire around him. As he strolled forward, he walked into the Radix Planet and appeared in the depths of it, where the green continent was. He stopped outside the tent.

"Greetings, Vice General Dao Ren." Almost the moment the young man appeared, the eight children who were playing around stopped laughing. They came to stand in front of the young man, then wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed towards him.

Once Dao Ren smiled faintly at the eight children, he directed a gentle gaze at the tent.

"Wu Li Zi, do you still refuse to see me?" he asked softly.

Not a single word came from within the tent. The woman in green acted as if she did not hear him and continued combing her black hair.

…..

When the ninetieth breath passed, Dao Ren shook his head with a bitter smile as he stood outside the tent. He turned around, intending to leave. Ever since he became True General Huo Zhu's messenger, Wu Li Zi had refused to see him even once throughout the last thousand years.

Even though he came here once every few days, he still could not improve their relationship.

Right at the instant Dao Ren turned around and was about to leave Taia Radix Planet, a booming sound so strong it shook the sky, the earth, the entire galaxy, and all the planets within it reverberated in the air. Taia Radix Planet trembled violently, and all the living creatures on the green continent were shocked and terrified. The eight children's expressions changed.

As that loud boom echoed in the air, a cold and apathetic voice spread through the area where the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World were stationed.

"There is a fifteenth-tier power attempting to break the Space Sealing Rune beyond Western Ring Nebula. Two thousand one hundred and thirty five years will be required to break the Rune with this power."

Once that voice spoke, all the cultivators within the planets in the area where the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World were located immediately sported changes in their expressions, and many people swiftly flew out of their cultivation planets.

Some of them even had a hint of shock on their faces as their hearts trembled due to the booming sound.

It was not that they had never met those lunatics from Sinful Barren Lands who tried to break the Space Sealing Rune… but since ancient times, there were only three times where the power exerted reached fifteenth-tier or surpassed that!

Right then… this was the fourth time!

Even though the previous three people from Sinful Barren Lands had failed in their attempts to break the Rune… but this was the first time a person's initial attack could bring forth a fifteenth-tier power!

"So what if it's a fifteenth-tier power? No one has ever successfully broken the Space Sealing Rune before, and it will be the same this time."

"What nerve, these criminals. How dare they try to attack the Space Sealing Rune? I remember reading the records that after those people three faile, True Guards from True Sacred Yin World moved out in great numbers and executed a wide-scale attack to kill them."

"Hmph, they're just asking for death!"

As the cold voice reverberated in the air within the Radix Planet, divine thoughts immediately echoed within the galaxy. Immediately, thousands of people charged forth. As those figures flashed past, they charged towards the Space Sealing Rune. They were the first wave of attackers, and they wanted to see just what fools would dare to offend the four Great True Worlds.

However, right as they flew out and had not even managed to close a distance of ten thousand feet, an even stronger boom suddenly shook the galaxy, which was left trembling. The violent echoes could make a person's ears ring. At the instant that sound left the cultivators in endless shock, the cold voice from the Radix Planet spoke once more.

"There is a nineteenth-tier power attempting to break the Space Sealing Rune beyond Western Ring Nebula. One hundred and twenty five years will be required to break the Rune with this power."

At the same time that voice spoke, in the mid of a layer of purple lightning beyond the Space Sealing Rune was Su Ming, who stood there quietly. He pulled his right hand back. Before him was an endless galaxy. At that moment, booming sounds were ringing in the galaxy. The countless planets within it were smashing into each other, and violent crashes were sounding nonstop.

"As expected of the Space Sealing Rune," Su Ming remarked flatly.

"But… there is a fatal flaw within this Rune that can even block those who can control fate, lives, and death. It… belongs to this galaxy." Su Ming lifted his right hand, and as the Divine Essence Runic Symbols in his right eye shone, he gently let his hand fall.

At the instant his palm landed on the Rune through the air, the booming sounds from the galaxy before him became much louder. As they echoed in the air, an endless amount of planets crashed into each other and exploded. The booming sounds continued nonstop. Su Ming's will spread out abruptly, and within an instant, it covered the entire area. Once he did that, the laws and rules surrounding the galaxy in this area disappeared.

Instantly, the galaxy looked as if it had lost the power that could make it float in this cosmos… and right before Su Ming's eyes, it started plummeting down at a rapid speed.

From the distance, this was a scene that could shock the hearts of many, and it was enough for the hearts of the cultivators to quicken their pace. The galaxy had turned into rain and spilled all over the cosmos…

For the first time, the Space Sealing Rune beyond the area where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds were stationed was broken. There was a bizarre air to this action that would leave people in disbelief of this method of breaking the Rune. It was not a forceful break, and neither was it a skillful evasion of the Rune… It was done by extracting the laws and rules within it, causing the Rune… to lose its source of power. After this, it simply came crashing down like rain, like how a bead curtain that wards off dust at the entrance of a room falls once the strings holding it to the doorframe are gone. Once it collapsed with a rustling sound, the place lost its door.

Su Ming's expression remained as calm as ever. The Duke of Crimson Flame was not of much use here, and had been turned into a totem. At the instant the Space Sealing Rune fell, Su Ming swept up the one hundred thousand lis of purple lightning and took a step forward into the galaxy where the forces of power from four Great True Worlds were stationed. This was also the area into which no one from Sinful Barren Lands had managed step into over the course of an innumerable amount of years.

'This battle must end swiftly!

'I'll make this quick!'

Translator's Notes:

1. Taia Planet: There was also a Taia Tribe in the land of Berserkers, but they are in no way related to each other. Might be named after the ten great swords of China.
