# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 848

"The Space Sealing Rune… has lost its source of power and has been broken… The invader has entered the galaxy where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds are stationed." At the instant the Space Sealing Rune plunged down, the Radix Planet's cold voice reverberated in the galaxy.

All those who heard it spotted changes in their expressions. The destruction of the Rune was too quick, no one had even prepared for the eventually of it when it was already over. Several cultivators who could control fate, lives, and death were needed to be able to do this, but it was impossible for those beings capable of controlling fate, lives, and death to exist… unless the alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean had awakened.

Because of it, almost every single person thought that this matter had happened because the other party had plenty of cultivators in Lunar Kalpa and Solar Kalpa Realm, and there was also a possibility… that the other party had obtained some sort of incredibly powerful Enchanted Treasure.

A great sense of danger and shock immediately spread through the people in the area where the True Guards from True Sacred Yin World were stationed.

"Radix Planet will now show every single person what came here from Sinful Barren Lands." Dao Ren heard the violent booms on Taia Radix Planet and also heard the voice echoing in the Radix Planet.

His expression turned dark, but there was not a hint of panic on his face. However, three breaths later, his expression finally changed drastically.

An illusory picture had appeared out of thin air before him. Within that picture was a layer of purple lightning that was one hundred thousand lis wide… and there was only one person in that purple lightning!

It was a young man with purple hair and purple robes.

This was the reason behind Dao Ren's expression changing. He was not afraid that there were many people in the other party, because the more people there were, the more it would show that the strongest cultivator they had did not have a high level of cultivation.

However, he absolutely did not expect… that there would be only one person who broke the Rune!

The faces of the eight children around him also turned pale. There was great wariness in their eyes, and booms rang out in their hearts. This scene surpassed their expectations.

Almost at the instant Dao Ren looked towards the young man with purple hair, he saw the young man lifting his head, and as if his gaze had penetrated through an endless distance of the galaxy, he met Dao Ren's gaze.

It was as if… he could see Dao Ren.

Boom!

"Who are you?!" Dao Ren staggered. When he fell back a few steps, his face turned pale. Blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth. He raised his head swiftly, his face filled with shock and astonishment.

"Don't you…" An indifferent voice came from the picture. Only two words might have been said, but they were capable of making the ground tremble furiously.

The eight children and Dao Ren saw the young man with purple hair taking a step forward within that illusory picture. As purple lightning rumbled, the thousands of cultivators that were swiftly charging towards him to block his path were immediately submerged in the purple lightning.

"…recognize me…"

At the instant these words echoed in Taia Planet, Dao Ren trembled. He saw the purple-haired young man take another step forward in that picture. With that one step, he moved past half of the galaxy. The countless cultivation planets around him immediately started letting out booming sounds… and their trajectories were changed. They retreated from the area with loud booming sounds as if they were avoiding him, not willing to get closer to him.

This sort of power and divine ability was enough to make all those who saw him terrified.

"...anymore?"

When this last word was spoken, Dao Ren retreated. The eight children's expressions changed completely to those of fear. They moved back together… because they could see the young man taking a step forward once more, and then, right before him, was the Radix Planet!

It was a Radix Planet that was like a flight of distorted steps, and it was… the Taia Radix Planet where they were located at that moment!

The world rumbled. The ground trembled with an intensity which it had never experienced before. Intense booming sounds came from Taia Radix Planet. In the mid of them, all people including Dao Ren saw the young man in the picture before them… walking over as if he had just descended among them!

With one step, he landed on the grass.

This scene was so bizarre that Dao Ren and the others had misconception that Su Ming had walked out of the picture, but in truth, he was simply too fast. During the period of time he said those words, he had already taken three steps and moved from the Space Sealing Rune to his destination - Taia Planet!

Because of his speed, this kind of misconception had been created.

At the instant Su Ming's feet landed on the grass of Taia Planet, the complete form of his sentence finally echoed in all directions.

"Don't you recognize me anymore?"

Right when Su Ming stepped onto the grass, purple lightning spread out with a bang. With Su Ming as its center, the lightning covered the entire continent. In the span of a breath, all the green grass in the meadow became purple. As it withered away, the true form of the grass was revealed. It was a meadow filled with endless brambles!

As Su Ming's purple lightning covered the entire area, various intelligent beasts were reduced to a bloody mess. As shrill screams of pain rang in the air, their bodies shattered, and ferocious creatures crawled out from within.

Each of these beasts were incredibly ugly, and shadows of an incomplete peacock could be seen vaguely behind them. However, as they roared, they gradually prostrated themselves on the ground, suppressed so greatly by Su Ming's will that they did not dare move an inch.

It was as if Su Ming became the master of the planet at that instant. Every single spot in the purple area was controlled by his will, including the sky, the earth, the planet, the stars, and the entire galaxy.

As the purple lightning spread out, booms rang out from the eight children's bodies. Blood lines appeared at the center of their brows, and once they went down their entire bodies as if the lines had cut them into two halves, a layer of their skin melted as if it had been corroded, revealing ferocious faces of ghosts underneath the human skin.

These were not children. These were clearly eight existences that were akin to malicious spirits. At that moment, the eight people before Su Ming grew to about thirty feet tall. Blood was still pouring out from their bodies, and as their expressions twisted, eight shadows of peacocks appeared behind them. The mark of a peacock that was similar to Kong Huan's also appeared at the center of their brows.

The mighty pressure spreading out from their cultivation bases made it clear that they were all near the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm. These eight hideous existences were trembling violently at that moment as they roared at Su Ming together. They rushed forward swiftly, charging towards him with ferociousness.

There was madness in their eyes. They were completely deranged, without any intelligence left in them, and it made it seem as if they wanted to tear apart all their enemies.

Yet at the instant these eight existences closed in on Su Ming, he lifted his right hand and casually pushed forward.

With it, a bang rang out in the world, and the bodies of the eight creatures plummeted from the sky. It was as if there was an invisible power that had pressed down on their bodies, forcefully pushing them onto the ground.

Terror rose within the hearts of these eight hideous-looking cultivators. They might have lost their intelligence, but they still had natural instincts, and due to them their minds broke as they trembled.

At the instant Su Ming lifted his right hand, booms rang out from the eight people's bodies, which turned into wisps of green smoke. Once their bodies shattered completely, those wisps gathered together to form four green feathers that landed on Su Ming's palm.

"Master of Fate, Lives, and Deaths!"

Dao Ren glared at Su Ming. He recognized him now. This person… was Mo Su, the one he had led a team to pursue one thousand years ago! At the instant he recognized Su Ming, disbelief rose in his mind, along with fear and shock.

Without any hesitation, he made the mark of the flame at the center of his brows shine brightly, and that light immediately enveloped his entire body, making it look as if he had been set ablaze.

At the same time, three wills swept through the galaxy. As they came forward, the galaxy began to show signs of breaking. These were… three presences of Solar Kalpa Realm, and they were charging forward from the distance. Judging by their speed, in about another ten breaths, they would be able to arrive.

Right behind these three presences were two wills that exuded an ancient air, as if countless years were contained within them. They were also coming forth swiftly, and the strength of these two wills surpassed Solar Kalpa Realm. They were… close to that which belonged to the Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death.

They would only need the span of five breaths to arrive!

But that was not all. Right behind those five wills was a sigh, and it came from Taia Planet. That sigh contained a power that could control all manner of lives. At the instant it reached them, Su Ming's purple lightning froze.

"They sure are quick." Su Ming shook his head. He sent his will outwards, and as the purple lightning rumbled, it enveloped the entire Taia Planet, turning it completely purple.

A young man in red came near Taia Planet. He had a handsome face, but there were wrinkles at the center of his brows, giving him an incredibly bizarre appearance. The ancient look in his eyes gave him an air that all manner of lives was contained in his gaze, and no one knew just how many years those eyes had witnessed passing by.

He stood in the galaxy. The laws and rules in space around him were distorting, growing dull, as if a series of changes had occurred to them due to his will.

"I am Hong Sang Zi, one of the sanctified among the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World keeping a lookout over the barren lands.

"Fellow Daoist, for what reason have you come here? Pray tell. Your Essence Dominated World… can only stop me for about ten breaths, why must you do this?"

Su Ming averted his gaze from the sky as he stood on Taia Planet, then took a step forward. He did not bother about Dao Ren, who was beside him and was surrounded by flames, but walked straight towards the tent.

This was where his target was located.

Dao Ren moved back. His heart was in shock at that moment. Su Ming's strength had almost made his mind break, so there was no way he would have the courage to stop him right then.

It was also at this moment that the flaps of the tent were lifted up and the woman in long green robes walked out. When she looked at Su Ming, there was a complicated look in her eyes, along with a hint of hate, but once she saw Su Ming's face clearly, she was taken aback.

"You are not it!" The woman screamed shrilly and instantly moved back. As she formed various seals with her hands, a green sun appeared in front of her. There was a green peacock in that sun, as if the sun was brought forth once the peacock spread its tail feathers.

"I am not it, but I came here in search of you."

As Su Ming spoke calmly, he took a step forward to walk straight into the green sun. It shattered, and during that instant, Su Ming appeared before the woman. He lifted his right hand, and with a presence as well as a speed that the woman could not hope to put up a fight against… he seized her neck and lifted her into the air.

"Give me all of its feathers and physical body… or you will die. I will give you three breaths to think," Su Ming said calmly while looking at the woman.

"One.

"Two."
