# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 851

The gigantic hand covered the vast galaxy, and also enveloped the numerous cracks in Western Ring Nebula's foreign land. At that moment, as the palm swiftly furled into a fist, understanding appeared in Su Ming's eyes as he stood at the edge of a crack. He looked at the five fingers coming towards him and looked at how the galaxy was swiftly replaced by the palm that was swiftly furling itself into a fist.

Booming sounds surrounded the entire area, and wherever the fingers passed, the galaxy would look as if it was about to shatter. The final word of the declaration to control fate, lives, and death was still echoing in the air, and a power that was strong enough to destroy all lives seeped out continuously from the palm.

The galaxy trembled, and the cosmos scattered. This was a mighty power that was inconceivable, and so it enthralled Su Ming. He seemed to have forgotten that he was in danger and that if the palm seized him, he would be destroyed from then on… even if he possessed the purple Ecang clone.

He could not tell whether time was flowing quickly or slowly. It was as if all laws regarding time could no longer be found. This lasted for only one breath, but also seemed like an endless passage of time. The palm furling itself into a fist had replaced space itself, and by then had almost completely formed a fist.

Booming sounds echoed in the galaxy. From the distance, this was an incredibly shocking sight. The vast palm seized the entire Western Ring Nebula's foreign land. In fact, if anyone looked over, they would not be able to see Western Ring Nebula's foreign land. There was only a gigantic palm that was swiftly furling itself into a fist.

Su Ming looked at the incoming fingers from above, and he saw ravines as well as plains that were growing bigger continuously as they swiftly charged towards him.

"To control fate, lives, and death…" As Su Ming mumbled, the palm completely furled into a fist, and during that instant, he moved back and stepped into the crack leading to Western Ring Nebula's foreign land.

At the instant he stepped inside, a muffled bang that sounded as if the galaxy had shattered spread swiftly in all directions. That was… the noise once the palm completely formed itself into a fist.

That was an impact caused by the power that could crush everything.

A ring-shaped ripple appeared out of nowhere and tumbled backwards into all areas. Wherever it went, booming sounds would surge into the sky. That ripple was like a surging wave. As it continued spreading out, the boundless galaxy was filled with distorted ripples… as if the universe was about to be destroyed, as if all lives were about to die.

Yet during that instant, a furious roar came from inside the fist. That roar contained a domineering presence, an air that looked down on all manner of life, along with a supreme, mighty presence as well as an overbearing attitude, as if the owner of that roar placed itself above all. The roar swiftly spread out.

"Get lost!"

At the instant that roar traveled outwards, the gigantic fist suddenly trembled. As it did, power erupted from inside the palm. The strength of that power seemed to want to push open the fingers… as if it was a soul that the palm could not hope to destroy.

"Begone!"

As the enraged roar still lingered in the air, a second roar immediately came from the fist. The voice was sharp, but even though it was piercing to the ears, it still contained an endless domineering and mighty air, as if all wills had to submit to this voice, or else they would be wiped out for showing any sign of disrespect.

As that voice spoke up, the huge fist started trembling again, showing vague signs that it could not remain clenched.

"Damn you, you ant! How dare you come to this place and offend us Ecang?! Go away!" The third furious roar immediately came out and shook the entire galaxy.

"So what if you're a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, how dare a cultivator like you stretch out a hand before us?! Leave this place!" a fourth roar rang out in space.

The palm trembled even more furiously. The five fingers were forced to raise themselves as they shivered. The furious howls grew in number as the fifth, sixth, and up to the seventh voices shouted at the same time.

"All of you lives are mere ants. The universe is all but emptiness to us. In the endless passages of time, you are not the first person who has dared to offend us, but you are the first fool who dreamed of destroying us."

"How dare a mere Master of Fate, Lives, and Death who doesn't even have his own True World come to this place?! You're just asking for death!"

"Go back to the place you sleep. This is not a place where ants like you can destroy!"

Booming sounds rang violently. When the seventh roar echoed in the air, the five fingers of the gigantic hand were forced to unfurl as booming sounds travelled out from within the fist. As it trembled, signs of destruction appeared, as if the palm could not fight against the seven roars that symbolized the seven wills.

"Heh heh, boy, what is your name? You are quite the brave one. Do you dare tell me your name? I will remember the mark of your life, and when I move out, the first one I will devour will be you." The eighth voice rose with a loud bang. The degree of destruction on the palm became even more intense, and the five fingers were completely stretched out.

"All those who offend us Ecang must die!" The ninth voice brought with it endless madness and killing intent. As it traveled out with loud banging sounds, the palm was torn to shreds. Three of the five fingers were separated from the palm, and as they fell away, they turned into ashes.

"Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, you can come out from the region where True Sacred Yin World is stationed for my life, but this place… is my galaxy. How dare you… still not shatter!"

The final voice belonged to Su Ming.

At the instant his voice traveled outwards, the final two fingers from the already shattering palm crumbled to pieces, revealing Western Ring Nebula's foreign land, which had been encased earlier. At the same time, ten wills erupted forth from the endless cracks leading to the foreign land, turning into an indescribably mighty impact that charged straight into the broken palm.

This was not Su Ming's will alone, but all ten of the Ecang wills within Western Ring Nebula's foreign land having their full power burst forth once they detected danger.

In this place, they were invincible existences. In this place, no form of life could destroy all of them completely in one go. In this place, they were the symbols of the strongest in the universe.

Booms rang out, shaking the entire universe. The palm continued shattering. There was not a single existence that could provoke Ecang. This was Ecang's pride and dignity. They could devour each other… but if any outside force intended to destroy them, it would be faced with their frenzied retaliation.

This was the reason why Su Ming dared to try and understand his opponent's method of controlling fate, lives, and death despite being in danger. As long as he returned to this place and his enemy still dreamed of killing him, then what would fall onto their head would be the counterattack of all ten Ecang souls.

In the face of such retribution… even a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death was nothing!

Loud booms surged into the air. During that instant, a large portion of the palm shattered, revealing the complete Western Ring Nebula's foreign land, and also revealing… a gigantic tree shining with ten-colored light while towering over the universe.

Ten colors surrounded the tree and exuded a presence that could destroy all lives. As furious roars echoed in space, the ten wills used the simplest method to crash into the crumbling palm, without even using any form of divine ability.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The palm that had stretched out of the region where the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World was stationed shattered inch by inch. The speed of its destruction was so quick that in the blink of an eye, the portion of the palm around Western Ring Nebula's foreign land shattered. As the destruction spread out, anyone who stood at a spot where they could see the entire Western Ring Nebula was able to see clearly that half of the gigantic hand had already disappeared while it continued shattering and disappearing even more.

As a large portion of the palm vanished, the galaxy that had been enveloped by the palm showed up once again. The planets that had been hidden away revealed themselves once more, and in the span of a few breaths, the destruction of the palm had reached the area near to the region where the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World were stationed.

Only a small part remained of the previously boundless hand. However, its destruction had not ended. Three breaths later, the palm that had stretched into the Western Ring Nebula was completely reduced to ashes, and the destruction of the palm finally extended into the area of the palm covering the region where the forces of power from True Sacred Yin World were stationed.

Booming sounds spread out. The galaxy trembled. The destruction from the palm finally extended to the main camp, which was located in a vortex. Once the entire palm was destroyed, the ten wills still didn't seem to be done. Just as they were about to continue destroying the vortex formed by countless planets, three divine thoughts that were on equal grounds with the ancient will that had gone after Su Ming's life spread out with a bang from that vortex.

"Enough, leave this place!"

"Neither you nor we from the four Great True Worlds have disturbed each other, do not think that we really can not destroy you!"

"You have not recovered, broken entity! If we summon our Sublime Paragon from the four Great True Worlds, you will be destroyed!"

These three divine thoughts echoed in space at the same time, shaking the area beyond the vortex. Only after some time did the sounds gradually calm down.

In the depths of the vortex in the main camp was a planet filled with black earth. Within it was a never-ending mountain range. That mountain range looked normal, but if anyone took a closer look, they would discover that it was in the shape of a human.

It was a human lying on the ground!

At that moment, that person's eyes were slowly falling shut. As booming sounds rang through the world, he closed his eyes completely, and at that instant… his right hand shattered.

"To control fate, lives, and death means to have everything in our grasp… Yet, how are we supposed to seize control of a being that is beyond the boundaries of fate?" A murmur echoed in the planet.

"In the Realm of controlling fate, lives, and death, I have only managed to reach the Realm where I can control. I do not know whether I will have the chance of stepping into the Realm of the Rise and Fall of Fate… much less the Realm of Life, which is the Reincarnation of Life, and the Realm of Death, which is the Death of the Universe.

"Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, Rise and Fall of Fate, Reincarnation of Life, and Death of the Universe. These are the four great Realms.

"There is no end to the path of cultivation. Each word, each flower, each leaf, and each world. Each of these words are gems, and each of these words will last for eternity. There is also the Sublime after the four great Realms, as well as… Avacaniya.

"Is there a Realm after Avacaniya..? There should be… because there is no end to the path of cultivation." A sigh traveled through the entire planet.

Within the world of the one hundred thousand stone monuments in Western Ring Nebula's foreign lands, all the cultivators opened their eyes and woke up. During the moment just now, they had all fallen asleep. They woke up confused, not knowing what had happened.

In the space where they could not see, the ten Ecang souls were growling and sending out their thoughts at that moment.

"Purple, all of this is because you provoked them to come here."

"Purple, you first killed our tributes, then lured Blue's primarily chosen to offend you. Just what are you doing?!"

Translator's Notes:

1. Avacaniya: The Sanskrit for 'not to be spoken' (不可言). The English form was a little too underwhelming.
