# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 858

When the voice called out the second time, it did not echo in the Abyss Dragon's heart. Instead, it spread throughout the galaxy. That voice seemed weak, but when it reached the place, ripples spread out and the galaxy even looked as if it was distorting.

When that voice landed in the ears of the near one hundred cultivators who were closing in on the Abyss Dragon with the intent of dissecting it, that voice instantly turned into a loud bang that shook the entire galaxy and was deafening to their ears. It crashed straight into their hearts, crushing their minds and breaking their souls.

Blood poured out from all seven orifices in their bodies.

There were nearly one hundred cultivators, and all of them were bleeding from their eyes, nose, ears, and mouth. Their eyes immediately lost focus and all forms of luster turned into streams of blood that flowed out of their eye sockets. The moths under their bodies also let out shrill screams of pain and exploded into bits and pieces of flesh and blood.

The bodies of the near one hundred cultivators tumbled backwards, as if they had been swept back by a huge force. They coughed up blood in midair… and all of them died!

All of this was caused by the enunciation of the two words!

Those two words killed nearly one hundred cultivators. Even though there were no cultivators in World Plane Realm among them and the strongest was just in Heaven Cultivation Realm, the ability to do this was enough to shock all those who witnessed it.

As the cultivators died altogether, their bodies shattered to pieces as they fell backwards, turning into a picture of mangled flesh. The stench of blood immediately filled the area. The woman with the bells on her wrist instantly turned stark pale, and the two middle-aged men behind her put on solemn expressions that had never appeared on their faces before. There was shock in their eyes, and cold sweat had even broken out on their foreheads due to extreme nervousness.

"Xiao Huang…" The third call traveled clearly from a far away distance at that moment. It landed in the Abyss Dragon, the two men, and the woman's ears.

Once it did, the Abyss Dragon opened its eyes and saw a person walking over from the space in the distance.

That person was dressed in white and had a head full of gray hair. As he walked forward, he gradually closed in, and the dragon saw the young man's handsome face, his ancient presence, his familiar gaze, and the time the Abyss Dragon always thought back upon with nostalgia. His arrival made it seem as if he brought the past with him, and the galaxy around him looked like it had stilled during that moment.

Once the Abyss Dragon saw Su Ming clearly, it trembled even more furiously. Those were tremors caused by agitation and disbelief. It had not expected that it would be able to meet an old friend in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

"You…" The Abyss Dragon only managed to say one word before its eyes slowly fell shut. It was already extremely exhausted, and after going through despair, at the instant it saw Su Ming, its soul began to disperse.

Su Ming walked over to it and lifted his right hand to gently place it on the Abyss Dragon's wound and blood ridden head. With it, the Abyss Dragon's fading soul began converging once again, and all its wounds were instantly healed.

It was with this touch that Su Ming learned of what had happened. Xiao Huang's power had been abrogated, so the dragon could only bring out power equivalent to those in Man Cultivation Realm. Because of that touch, Su Ming also learned that the Dragon Tendon was missing.

Su Ming did not know how many years the dragon had been in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, but he could imagine that the life of one who could only bring out the power of those in Man Cultivation Realm must have been filled with hardships even if they only were around for several dozens of years.

Not to mention that Su Ming saw numerous injuries on the Abyss Dragon's body as it recovered. In fact, some of them were old, a telling sign that they had been left hundreds of years ago. There were even some injuries on the Abyss Dragon which were... nearly fatal.

Su Ming was infuriated.

He was truly enraged. But besides anger, he also felt worry. He did not know why the Abyss Dragon came to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. He only knew that he had saw it take Yu Xuan and leave when they were still in Yin Death Region to head towards the Emperor of Abyss' True World.

Yet now, it had appeared in this place. Then… where was Yu Xuan?

"I am a daylily in the rain… This is the name my mother gave me. She wanted me to forget the sadness in my life and be happy forever…" Yu Xuan's voice seemed to echo in Su Ming's ears, lingering there for a long time.

When Su Ming fell silent, the two middle-aged men not too far away were shivering. The shock on their faces was incredibly great. They could not see through Su Ming's level of cultivation, but they could sense a bloodthirst and murderous aura that they had never sensed before from him.

They had originally thought that they had killed plenty of people, and they were even proud of the invisible murderous aura that had formed around them, but the moment they saw Su Ming, they discovered to their disbelief, the heavy murderous aura on Su Ming's body was something they could not hope to compare to. Theirs was like the light of a firefly compared to a bright moon.

In fact, the mighty pressure Su Ming gave to them almost made these two people's minds break. Even when they were before their Progenitor, they had not faced such great pressure as this. With this in mind, they could immediately be certain that this person was at the very least at the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm, and there was even a high possibility… that he was an old monster in the later stage of World Plane Realm!

'This Abyss Dragon is the pet of someone in the later stage of World Plane Realm!' As the two people's hearts shook, they saw Su Ming fall silent, and without any hesitation, they grabbed the woman who had become dazed and fell back in frenzy.

Ever since they came under the Progenitor's wing, they had never fled in this manner. They instantly moved with great desperation, but as they moved back, they saw Su Ming lift his head. During that instant, they roared together, and veins popped up on their faces. They pushed the dazed woman thousands of feet away before they shouted at her, "Young mistress, run!!"

"GO!!!"

The woman trembled. The change had happened too quickly, and she found herself somewhat unable to accept what was going on. At that moment, as the two middle-aged men roared, she turned around and fled with an incredible speed.

Almost at the moment she turned around, a shrill scream of pain came from the area behind her. She was familiar with the owner of that voice. It belonged to one of the two middle-aged men.

Her heart ached. Tears fell down her eyes, but she could no longer repent. As the shadow of death loomed over her head, she experienced fear from the depths of her heart for the first time in her life.

"Your loyalty is commendable, but you won't be able to escape death."

Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes. He pulled back his right index finger and looked at one of the two middle-aged men in the initial stage of World Plane Realm. His body had shattered. Once he was shredded to pieces, Su Ming cast his gaze on the other person.

That man's face was pale. He was incredibly certain that Su Ming was an old monster in the later stage of World Plane Realm. Even the Progenitor would be a mere ant before this person. The difference between them was like heaven and earth, so he was unable to manifest any will to fight against him.

"I…"

The middle-aged man's face was pale. When he saw that Su Ming had lifted his right hand once again, madness appeared on his face, which was filled with despair. His cultivation base and his soul burst swiftly into flames at the same time, and he charged towards Su Ming as if he had gone mad, choosing to self-destruct.

However, while self-destruction would be an effective move against many since it was an Art that caused death… but before an Abyss Builder, as long as that Abyss Builder had awakened, it would mostly be useless, especially since Su Ming had already somewhat understood the will of summer in his Life Matrix through his epiphanies.

He lifted his right hand and swung forward. A feeling of time filled the middle-aged man's body. In an instant, time reversed about him, and he went back from the state of self-destruction to the moment before he triggered it, but it did not stop there. Time was still flowing in reverse, and so his face gradually stopped being that of a middle-aged man's, but became that of a young man, then a teenager, and several breaths later, after an unknown of time flowed in reverse on him, his body was reduced to ashes.

Once he finished doing all this, Su Ming turned his head around and cast the sleeping Abyss Dragon a look. It was in deep sleep, and it was clear that it had been a long time since it had rested like this. When he saw that the wounds on its body were healing, a gentle look appeared in Su Ming's eyes.

"Sleep. I am here, so you will be safe," Su Ming mumbled. He tapped the dragon lightly with his right hand and put it away into his storage bag before turning his head around to look in the direction in which the woman was leaving, and the chilling glare in his eyes appeared once again.

It did not matter whether the person was a woman or a man, nor whether they were ugly or pretty, all of these things were just their outward appearances and were superficial in Su Ming's eyes. They had nothing to do with him.

He only needed to know that a person wanted to kill Xiao Huang, and that was enough.

"If Yu Xuan was around, she definitely would not have let you suffer so much with the way she was. But she isn't around, so I'll be the one to help you," Su Ming said gently and took a step forward.

He did not rush after that woman, but started walking slowly towards her.

Because of that, a powerful and mighty pressure could be formed. That pressure gathered on the woman, causing her to almost sink into despair in the mid of her fear, making her experience what the Abyss Dragon went through when she had been chasing it down in cold-blood just then.

She shivered. Despair and fear filled her heart and soul. This feeling almost caused her to descend into madness. Tears continued falling down her eyes, and in her fear, she continued escaping nonstop.

Su Ming followed her calmly, occasionally lifting his right index finger to point at her. A bloody gash would immediately appear on the woman's body, and when her blood gushed out, a jade bottle would fly out from Su Ming's storage bag. Once it caught her blood, it would continue floating in the area to be retrieved at any time.

An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth. He did not think that he was boasting about his status because of the difference between their levels of cultivation or that he was doing something that was unbefitting of his level of cultivation. In Su Ming's mind, the phrase 'using one's strength to bully the weak' was something that if he needed to do towards enemies, he would find no problems with doing.

He would use a similar method when faced with those of a high level of cultivation as to those with a lower level of cultivation. He would not mind persecuting either of them in such a manner.

Su Ming didn't think that there was anything wrong with his actions. As long as he thought that he should be doing so, then no one could change it. In truth, the person who understood him the most was Yue Hong Bang. Describing him as temperamental was indeed an apt description.

Temperamental and willful. No law or rule could restrain Su Ming's actions, because he didn't believe that his actions were wrong.

'I will chase you down just like how you had chased down Xiao Huang.' This was the simplest way to describe Su Ming's thoughts.

Time passed. The woman's hair was a mess by the time a day had passed with her being chased. Her consciousness had almost faded away, her face was pale, her body was covered in wounds, and blood continued flowing out. It was continuously taken by Su Ming, and the pressure brought by this had left her in extreme despair.

There was still about an entire day before she could reach the Progenitor's cave abode, but her mind could no longer withstand this torment. Eventually, she stopped running away and instead turned around to plead for mercy from Su Ming.

"Senior, please spare me! I know I've done wrong, as long as you don't kill me, I will do anything you ask!" The woman was beautiful. At that moment, her clothes were in tatters and could not hide her body, giving her a tempting charm.

"Anything?" Su Ming asked lightly.

"Anything!" The woman seemed to have thought of something and instinctively bit her lip. A red flush immediately appeared on her cheeks, and the desire to continue living became extremely strong in her heart.
