# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 859

Su Ming cast the woman called Yu Luo a look. She was rather good-looking. Her body was curvaceous, and a large portion of her skin was revealed as it was now difficult for her tattered clothes to cover her up. With the shivers born from fear and the desire to live shining in her eyes, she was filled with an air that would cause the hearts of men to pump with excitement.

Her expression, the color of her face, and the look in her eyes all said that she was willing to pay any sort of price, was willing to do anything. In fact, she was even willing to be ravaged any way Su Ming wanted.

Su Ming's expression remained as calm as ever as he slowly walked towards the woman. When he approached her, Yu Luo instinctively wanted to dodge, but after a moment of hesitation, she gritted her teeth and stood there, simply allowing Su Ming to get closer to her. By then, their bodies were almost touching.

In fact, she only needed to lean forward slightly and she would fall into Su Ming's embrace. He lowered his head slightly, and by the looks of it, he seemed as if he was going to kiss her lips.

Yu Luo's heart thumped loud in her chest. As the sound rose and fell, her cheeks gradually gained a red flush, and her eyes shone with a woman's charm. It did not matter what sort of request Su Ming would make; she would do her best to curry his favor in order to survive.

Su Ming was about to touch the woman's slightly parted lips, but right at the instant he was about to kiss her, he moved his head to her ear and stopped there.

"I may choose not to kill you, as long as you…" When Su Ming whispered, his words traveled straight into Yu Luo's ear.

As she listened to his voice, she lifted her hands to place them on her clothes. Her face turned even redder, and the gaze in her eyes turned even more alluring.

Yet right at the moment she was about to undress herself, he spoke once again,

"As long as you run like you did just now," he said flatly and lifted his head. He moved hundreds of feet back and put on a smile on his face.

Yu Luo shivered. She stared at Su Ming as her expression changed nonstop. Right when anger born from humiliation rose in her heart, despair reared its head once more. She might have been pampered and cared for since she was young, but she had still seen quite a number of cultivators with different personalities. However, none of them had ever terrified her like the person in front of her right then.

Just as she was about to speak, Su Ming's smile turned into an indifferent one. He lifted his right hand and swung his arm, stirring up a violent gust of wind that swept up Yu Luo and flung her into the distance.

…..

Time had a very mysterious law. To those who were happy, the passing of time seemed as if it was so quick that it was hard to notice it. In the blink of an eye, it would be gone. However, to those who were in torment, time would pass in a terrifyingly slow manner.

This was the case for Yu Luo. As she fled during the last half of a day before she reached her home, she felt as if she had fallen into hell, as if she was submerged in the endless passage of time, and it was moving at an incredibly slow pace.

She was extremely weakened. Her face was pale, and she had lost a large amount of blood, which was all retrieved languidly by the nightmarish existence behind her, who would then continue chasing her at a relaxed pace.

Her consciousness had become clouded and her mind had broken down. The only thing that remained in her mind were Su Ming's words telling her to flee, to continue running.

She did so until a group of meteors floating in the galaxy finally appeared before her. This was her home. At the instant she saw the group of meteors, Yu Luo looked as if she had recovered a hint of her sanity. A strong light appeared in her eyes, and she became slightly faster, instantly heading towards a large stone.

"Progenitor, save me!" At the instant she landed on the meteor, she let out a forlorn cry. When her voice echoed in space, she lost all her strength and collapsed on the ground unconscious.

Su Ming stood in the galaxy and looked at the large group of meteors before him, then watched Yu Luo collapsing on one of them. He heard her forlorn cry echoing in space, but even several breaths later, there was no answer.

The unconscious Yu Luo did not know that her Progenitor did not appear.

Another three breaths passed before Su Ming spoke lightly.

"Not coming out, hmm?" He lifted his right hand and swung it in the air. The overlapping shadows of the Divine Essence Runic Symbols in his eye shone abruptly, then flew out from his eye to surround him before spreading out swiftly.

Loud booms instantly broke the silence. As they reverberated in space, most of the meteors were reduced to ashes in the blink of an eye. The destruction continued, as if it would not stop until all meteors were destroyed.

An anguished sigh came from the collapsing meteors, and an old man in a long blue robe walked out from one of them. That old man had a head full of white hair, and when he walked, he cast a complicated glance at the unconscious Yu Luo, then once he looked at Su Ming, he lowered his head.

"Senior, please calm down. I am Yu Han, a member of the extended family of Yu Family in Black Ink Planet. I have been ordered to keep watch over the members of the family in space. Our daughter of the family, Yu Luo, is young and ignorant, please spare her, and I will definitely offer you great gifts in return." The old man was incredibly respectful as he wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed deeply towards Su Ming.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He cast the old man a glance, but did not speak. He did not even ask what gifts the old man would give him in order to solve this matter. He turned around and walked into the distance, without paying any more attention to the old man.

The old man was momentarily stunned by Su Ming's actions, but once a barely noticeable spark shone in his eyes, he immediately took a few steps forward and bowed towards Su Ming again.

"Senior, please wait. I am also at fault in this matter because I have not taught the child properly. I will definitely offer you a satisfactory conclusion to this matter. Senior, since you came to Black Ink Planet, you should be here to attend Black Ink Planet's famous Barren Lands Auction or to head over to Divine Essence Star Ocean to fight against those from the alien race. I have a map detailing part of Divine Essence Star Ocean here with me, which can help you save a lot of time." As the old man spoke, he immediately brought out a piece of beast skin from his bosom, as if he was worried that Su Ming would leave. There were a few lines drawn on it, and it seemed like a map.

Yet strangely, this map was not printed on a jade slip, but was drawn on a beast skin, which was a more primitive manner of drawing a map.

Su Ming's footsteps came to a halt and he turned around to cast the old man a look with the ghost of a smile on his lips.

With it, the old man's heart let out a thump, as if all the secrets he hid in his heart were seen through with that one glance, as if everything about him was laid bare before Su Ming. This feeling immediately turned into a sense of danger that rose swiftly in the old man's heart.

"Senior…" The old man's heart pounded against his chest, but he put on an even more respectful expression. When he spoke instinctively, he suddenly saw Su Ming lifting his right hand to seize the space beside him, and the beast skin in his hand immediately flew out appear in Su Ming's hands.

Su Ming held the beast skin and cast it a few scrutinizing looks before turning around and leaving.

The old man's heart trembled, and his expression changed several times. He did not expect that this person would leave just like that after coming to this place in such an aggressive manner and killing all the members in his family. He came in such a flashy manner, yet left without a sound.

This made all the preparations he had done to have completely turned to waste.

This made him anxious, and he took a few steps forward to speak again.

"Senior! Senior, please wait! I haven't given you all the gifts yet, there's still… There're still a large amount of crystals I would like to give you to help you succeed in whatever you want to buy during the auction."

These words had no effect on Su Ming, but the moment they were spoken, the bald crane's figure appeared in the space beside him. Its eyes shone and sparkled brilliantly as if there were crystals contained in its eyes as it looked at the old man.

"How many crystals?!" it instantly shouted excitedly.

The old man hesitated for a moment before he gritted his teeth and said, "Three million crystals!"

The bald crane let out a shrill scream, and as its body shivered, it stared intently at the old man. Its expression and gaze were filled with a ferocious air, as if it wanted to swallow the old man whole. Its body also grew larger in space, as if it could not control itself. In the blink of an eye, it had already grown to become several hundreds of feet big.

When the old man heard the bald crane's shrill scream and saw its gigantic body as well as its ferocious expression, his heart shuddered and he took a few steps back to quickly speak up once again.

"Three million crystals are just the start, there will be three million more to come. Senior, please calm down. Please calm down."

It would have been better if he had not said such words. Once they left his mouth, the bald crane screamed even louder, and the shudders in its body seemed to have reached an extreme state. Its expression caused the old man to be nervous, but Su Ming knew… that the bald crane was just too excited.

The shock from the three million crystals was enough to make the bald crane go mad, but when the old man said that there were three million more to come, that number turned into an even greater stimulation that caused the bald crane's mind to become a mess.

"Ten million. I'm willing to give you ten million crystals as an apology." When the old man saw that the gigantic featherless bird-like creature behaving in such a ferocious and crazed manner, he thought that the number of crystals he was offering was too few, enraging it, which was why he grit his teeth and quickly offered ten million.

At the instant he offered ten million crystals, the bald crane's eyes bulged out and its body shuddered a few times before its eyes rolled backwards and it fainted.

This scene made the old man become even more nervous. Su Ming sighed. He knew that the bald crane had never expected that it would get ten million crystals. This shock came too suddenly, and the crane was stimulated so much that it fainted.

Su Ming shook his head and no longer chose to leave. Instead, he turned around and looked at the old man. A chilling glare shone in his eyes. There was something about this old man. It was something Su Ming had thought when he appeared in this place just now, and after probing around a little, he obtained his answer.

The old man seemed to be thinking of ways to lure Su Ming towards where he was.

"Is the person you're waiting for still not here yet?" he asked flatly.

When he said these words, the old man's heart trembled, but his expression remained as it did, though he did put on a stunned look.

"Senior…"

"I promised the woman that as long as she continued running, I wouldn't kill her, and since you didn't go after the Abyss Dragon, I originally did not consider taking your life, but planned to just punish you lightly.

"But since you schemed against me, then there is no need for me to let things end this way." Su Ming cast the old man a look, and his lips curled up into a cold sneer. He lifted his right hand and pointed towards the old man.

With it, distortions instantly appeared in space, and a destructive power gathered together with a bang to rush towards the old man.

The old man's expression changed. At the instant he retreated, he shouted.

"A strong enemy has invaded our territory! Main family, please take action!"

At the instant he said these words, the meteor on which he stood exploded with a loud bang. The ripples of power that belonged to a Rune rose out. That meteor was a Relocation Rune that not even Su Ming had managed to discover just then.
