# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 860

This was a two-way Relocation Rune. It connected two places, allowing people enter and leave through either of the sides.

If Su Ming had stepped on that meteor just now, then since the Rune was in constant ready more, once it went into operation, he would have been forcefully relocated to a specific region, and the powerful warriors from the Yu Family in that place would have attacked at the same time.

Su Ming might not have discovered that there was a Relocation Rune contained within the meteor, but he had determined that there was something off based on the old man's actions.

The other's attempt to hide was too fake in Su Ming's eyes.

However, there were some strange aspects to this sort of concealment. Su Ming had indeed been unable to discover the man even though he had scanned the area with his Atman, just like how he had been unable to discover the Relocation Rune.

However, once Su Ming destroyed a large portion of the meteors with the runic symbols, the old man seemed to have been forced out. Yet in truth, if he truly wanted to flee, he could have left the area beforehand.

However, he did not leave. Instead, he chose to pretend to hide, then to come out. All of this was just to bait Su Ming into taking action and destroying some of the meteors.

This destruction was like a signal, like he was trying to achieve some sort of goal.

This area was where Yu Family's external faction stayed. The first thing the old man had said was a hasty conveying of his status and an explanation whom this area belonged to. All of this might seem normal, but in truth, he had done so intentionally.

Because of that, Su Ming could mostly determine what that person's goal had been: To ascertain that Su Ming had offended Black Ink Planet and the Yu Family.

If the old man had needed to ascertain this, then it would be much easier to explain what the he had previously done. Chasing down the Abyss Dragon had been his personal decision, and even if trouble arose because of this, it had nothing to do with the Yu Family, because it was all merely what he had done personally.

However… if Su Ming destroyed the meteors, then the old man could set up a gigantic sham and make this matter, which was originally just a personal matter of his, into a fight against Su Ming and his entire family.

After all, each and every single Relocation Rune set in the external factions were of great importance for a powerful family that could set a stronghold in Black Ink Planet and have their name ring through the entire Barren Lands of Divine Essence. Those Relocation Runes were part of their status. Once they were destroyed, it would be as if they had been slapped in the face, and they would definitely be unable to let this slide.

However, it was a pity for the old man, because Su Ming had managed to see that there was something off with his actions, and he did not step on the meteors, but had instead turned around to leave. This immediately caught the old man off guard. The members of the family would definitely look into the matter of the meteors being destroyed, and if Su Ming left, then with how strict the family was to its members, they would definitely be able to find clues leading to the truth, and at that time, he would have to face severe punishment.

After all, in his eyes, Su Ming was at the very least a cultivator at the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm. In fact, there was a high possibility that he was a powerful cultivator in the later stage of World Plane Realm.

Unless absolutely necessary, even the main family would not offend this sort of person.

That was why he had used the map as bait, wishing to lure Su Ming over. When he failed, he had spared no pains in using crystals as bait. However, when Su Ming had looked towards him with that gaze of his that seemed to be able to see through him, the old man knew that a deviation had occurred in his plan.

That was why he had changed his plan without any hesitation. Since the other refused to come over sp the old man could not send Su Ming to the main family, then he absolutely could not let him leave. If he could summon the main family here when Su Ming was still around, then… once they started fighting, this would no longer have too much connection to him.

Even after they found the reason for this in the future, the enmity would have already been born between the main family and this person, so they would no longer have a choice.

Loud booms came from the Rune. A piercing white light instantly spread out and swept through the area from the meteor. In the blink of an eye, it covered the entire area, and as the Rune was activated, three figures immediately walked out.

They were two men and one woman. One of them was a middle-aged man, and he had a somber expression. The other two behind him were young adults, but all three of them were sending out ripples of power that belonged to those in the middle stage of World Plane Realm.

The middle-aged man had already reached the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm. With this level of cultivation, he could already fight against Zhao Family's Progenitor. Even if he was still slightly weaker than the other, this man could already become an overlord of a region.

At the instant he saw the three people, Su Ming formed an impression towards Black Ink Planet. Just one Yu Family in there had let Su Ming see four cultivators in the middle stage of World Plane Realm, three cultivators in the initial one, and numerous in Heaven Cultivation Realm.

This was also clearly just the tip of the iceberg of the Yu Family!

Even though Su Ming did not know what sort of status Yu Family had in Black Ink Planet, he could tell from this hint of their power alone that Black Ink Planet… was an ancient planet that had existed even before the fifth True World was destroyed. It was the only planet that had broken the seal many years before Su Ming had arrived and the living beings within in had been able to venture out and escape from being suppressed by the four Great True Worlds.

It allowed this planet to become a cultivation planet that was not controlled by the four Great True Worlds! It was a free, lawless planet that became a gathering place for many old monsters in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

The powerful were the rulers of Black Ink Planet. The four Great True Worlds did not pay attention to them, and no True Guards would dare come to the planet rashly, causing this place to seem rather chaotic. However, in truth, this planet became the place that gathered the most attention in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

Most of the powerful warriors in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence gathered in this place. Cultivators in the later stage of World Plane Realm or those who had attained completion as well as those in Lunar Kalpa Realm along with those in Solar Kalpa Realm might be here as well.

If anyone compared Sinful Barren Lands to a jail, then the existence of Black Ink Planet would become the darkest place of this jail, but would also be the only source of dawning light at the same time.

Its geographical location prevented the four Great True Worlds from conquering it from afar, because on the other side of Black Ink Planet… was Divine Essence Star Ocean, the place that made the four Great True Worlds wary. It was the true place that they were fending against!

Because the alien races were in Divine Essence Star Ocean, some of the members of these alien races were remnants of the fifth True World in the past. However, most of them were mysterious alien races that possessed Divine Essence and were filled with an intimidating presence even while the fifth True World was still around.

No one knew where the alien races with Divine Essence came from, and very few people knew just how many of them there were in Divine Essence Star Ocean. They seemed to have formed their own cultivation system and rarely formed any form of contact with the world outside. However, based on his conversations with the Duke of Crimson Flame, Su Ming had been able to tell that besides the legendary existences that were the Kalpa Lord and the True Progenitor of the fifth True World, the powerful cultivators that were believed to not belong to the fifth True World… were from outer space. This 'outer space' could mean that they had come from other worlds, and could also mean… that they came from Divine Essence Star Ocean.

As the only transition point between Divine Essence Star Ocean and the four Great Galaxies of Sinful Barren Lands, it was impossible for Black Ink Planet to not become the most eye-catching place in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

Su Ming had learned from some of other people's memories that Black Ink Planet connected Divine Essence Star Ocean with the four Great Galaxies. That was why it became a transition point for those who wanted to take the risk to enter Divine Essence Star Ocean. Over the course of numerous years, a large amount of items, treasures, and almost every sort of item imaginable had appeared in Black Ink Planet.

In fact, there were even members of alien races appearing in Black Ink Planet. These people could come and go as they pleased, which made this planet to become the only spot where members of both galaxies could trade.

Hence, a tradition was formed in Black Ink Planet countless years ago that shocked the entire Barren Lands of Divine Essence, and was even able to make True Guards hide their identity to come to this place.

That tradition was the auction.

Auction halls of various sizes became incredibly grand places in Black Ink Planet, and each one was managed by a family. The size of the auction hall was always the deciding factor for the family's status and power in Black Ink Planet. It would decide their rise and fall.

Since auctions were celebrated for being honest and strict, that was why the families that manage these auctions would gradually start forming their own family rules as they continued growing. These rules were mostly used to provide service for auctions, and they would offer different forms of protection as well as punishment towards a family member's overbearing attitude.

Su Ming had come to know these things when he obtained the memories of the people he devoured using the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole. He looked at the three people walking out of the Rune with his usual calm expression.

"I am Yu Chen Hai. Greetings, fellow Daoist. How may I address you?" The middle-aged man who walked out of the Rune cast Su Ming a glance with a somber expression on his face. He might not be able to tell Su Ming's level of cultivation, but he could sense the murderous aura and the mighty pressure coming from him. Yet even so, his expression did not change as he wrapped his fist in his palm and spoke.

"Su Ming," Su Ming answered languidly. He did not use Mo Su's name because that name had quite the reputation in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. He did not know anything about Black Ink Planet, so it would be best for him to not make a fuss.

"I see, so you are fellow Daoist Su. May I know whether the Yu Family has offended you?" the middle-aged man asked in a somber tone.

The old man who was tasked to keep watch over the region was feeling incredibly nervous at that moment. He knew how strict the rules were in the family but had thought that the family would take action immediately after they arrived once they saw that most of the meteors had been destroyed. As long as they attacked, everything would be simple.

However, the members of the family who appeared did not immediately take action but instead started communicating with the person.

'I can't let them continue talking with each other!' The old man grit his teeth, then cast a swift glance at the unconscious Yu Luo by the side then began roaring. He went to Yu Luo's side, and when he lifted his head, his eyes were bloodshot. Rage burned in his eyes as he stared at Su Ming.

"You killed nearly one hundred of my family's disciples, made Yu Luo's fate unknown, destroyed most of the meteors here, and even wanted to kill me. I will definitely not let this slide. If you want to fight, then fight!" As the old man spoke, he rose up from the ground and charged towards Su Ming.

When the old man moved, a light crease appeared between the middle-aged man's brows. He could not figure out Su Ming's level of cultivation, but once he came to this place, he had scanned the area with his divine sense. When he saw the meteors and the old man's reaction, he formed his own judgment of the situation.

He was originally hesitant, but once he saw that a member of his family had attacked, he decided to attack to judge Su Ming's strength. However, just as he was about to move, a bright light suddenly appeared, and his foot, which had already taken a step forward, froze.

He saw Su Ming waving his arm as he stood in space, and immediately, a large amount of shining runic symbols appeared out of nowhere. As they spun in space, they surrounded the old man who was charging towards Su Ming. Once they formed multiple rings around him, they contracted, and as if they were sealing him, they encircled him and prevented him from moving. No matter how hard the old man struggled, he could not move even a single inch.

'A seal that can make a cultivator in the middle stage of World Plane Realm be unable to move!' The middle-aged man's eyes shone brilliantly, and once he cast an attentive glance at the runic symbols on the old man's body, he let out a hearty laugh and wrapped his fist in his palm before bowing to Su Ming.

"Fellow Daoist Su, with your power, it is clear that the members of the extended family have provoked you first. Please forgive us in regards to this matter. I will definitely report this to the family and punish this man as a response for you."

This time, the somber expression was gone from his face. His laughter was hearty, and there was a friendly attitude that was just pitched to the right level.

Yu Chen Hai's expression was sincere as he said with a smile, "Fellow Daoist Su, do you happen to have a place to stay in Black Ink Planet? If you don't mind, would you like to be a guest of the Yu Family and receive our offerings?"
