# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 861

Yu Chen Hai's laughter was bright. The sincere expression on his face made it seem as if he already knew everything about what had happened here, just like he had said - he knew that his family member was the one at fault.

However, Su Ming did not believe it. No matter how strict the rules in a family were, they would still be protective of their own blood. Besides, his attitude had changed completely from a person who had a somber expression on his face and had seemed to want to attack at any time to test him without asking him anything and without trying to understand the situation just because Su Ming had executed a divine ability.

If there was something strange, then there definitely was something wrong going on.

"A guest?" Su Ming asked lightly.

"Yu Family is one of the many families in Black Ink Planet. We have our own auction hall, and it's one of the top three middle-sized auction halls in the planet. Fellow Daoist Su, if you're willing to become our guest, then you will receive thirty thousand crystals per month as an offering. You will also receive the White Jade Plate, which will allow you to obtain discounts in our auction hall and receive honorable treatment.

"We will also provide you a cave abode within our territory. There will be sufficient spiritual aura in it. You can request from us whatever you need. As long as it isn't a clone, we will agree to all your requests.

"The Yu Family will also not tie you down in any manner. You may leave at any time you please. You will have freedom in all your actions, and we won't need you to do anything on usual days. You just need to lend a hand during crucial moments. Every single time you help us, we will also offer you additional rewards.

"Fellow Daoist, what do you think?" Yu Chen Hai asked with a smile.

Su Ming was the only person in his eyes, and he did not even look at the old man from his family who was sealed. In fact, in Yu Chen Hai's mind, Su Ming who had a seal that could seal a cultivator in the middle stage of World Plane Realm was far more important than most other people. Even though Yu Chen Hai did not have the right to invite someone to become their family's guest and the recruitment of guests was incredibly strict in all families, it did not matter to him. He knew that only family elders had the right to invite guests and those guests' backgrounds had to be thoroughly investigated, but when he thought of Su Ming's Sealing Art, his heart burned with eagerness.

As long as Su Ming agreed to it, he could investigate his background on a later date and could use his own resources in exchange for the status of a temporary guest.

"Fellow Daoist Yu, aren't you afraid that I am a person with ulterior motives? Aren't you treating this as too much of a child's play by hastily inviting me to be your guest?" Su Ming's expression remained the same as he smiled faintly at Yu Chen Hai.

A glint appeared in Yu Chen Hai's eyes, and the smile on his face grew wider. As he shook his head, he wrapped his fist in his palm towards Su Ming.

"It is only expected that you would be doubtful, Brother Su. I have indeed been rash in my actions…" Once he said these words, Yu Chen Hai hesitated for a moment. When he looked at Su Ming once again, he spoke in a decisive manner.

"Brother Su, I won't hide from you. I don't have the right to invite you as a guest, but I can invite you to be our temporary guest. Even if you do have an ulterior risk, I am willing to take this risk. I will take this gamble and believe in you." Yu Chen Hai's expression was incredibly sincere as he bowed deeply towards Su Ming.

"Oh? Let's hear it in detail," Su Ming said flatly.

"I might be a direct descendant of the family, but my status isn't high. Thanks to the kindness of the older generation, I have finally been given the right to host an auction. However, there are too few people by my side who can help me, and I also lack a person who is skilled in laying down seals.

"That is why I've thought of convincing you to be a guest once I saw your Sealing Art. Please forgive me for not being honest just now," Yu Chen Hai said sincerely. He could tell that Su Ming was not trying to get closer to him by saying these words, because Yu Chen Hai had only just learned that he was going to host an auction, and it was impossible for his competitors in the family to arrange a stranger who had extraordinary power to get closer to him in such a manner.

More importantly, it was by pure accident that he was relocated to this place and met Su Ming. The person who was originally supposed to come here was not him, but his father. He was merely coming to this area in his place, and his father, who was a family elder, would naturally not have let his son be harmed.

Besides, he could tell from some clues that Su Ming did not know just how important Sealing Arts were in Black Ink Planet. However, there was also something off about this. After all, the first attack Su Ming had delivered was to cast a seal.

"You need a person who is skilled with seals?" Su Ming looked at Yu Chen Hai.

"Brother Su, this must be your first time in Black Ink Planet. There are quite a number of people who know a few Sealing Arts in Black Ink Planet, but only a few of them can seal cultivators in the middle stage of World Plane Realm.

"With this Sealing Art of yours, you would be valued highly no matter which auction hall you went to. In fact, if someone acted as your recommendation, you could even be a valued existence in the three large auction halls.

"Forget the fact that those family members of mine would not be able to invite a powerful warrior like you to be our guest, even within the Yu Family, only three people are capable of doing such a feat as yours.

"If that is the case, then what should I be afraid of? Brother Su, please help me, I will definitely reward you greatly." Yu Chen Hai looked at Su Ming sincerely as he waited for his reply.

Su Ming pondered over his words for a moment before he stated slowly, "You still haven't told me why you need those Sealing Arts."

"To seal the treasures that will be auctioned. This time, I will be hosting the auction, but I don't have the resources to ask for the assistance of the three guests who are skilled in Sealing Arts in my family. I only have with me a few guests who are under the command of the older generation with whom I share my blood, but they might not be up to my satisfaction.

"This time, I will be putting a number of treasures from the alien races up on auction, and I will need a powerful warrior skilled in Sealing Arts to seal them so that they will not undergo a transformation," Yu Chen Hai quickly explained. In truth, he had only told Su Ming about a fifth of the truth. It was only natural that he did not tell him everything: That this time, Yu Family's auction would be the first official competition among the people of his generation.

There were six auctions in total, and there would be six different people who would host them. All of the older generations were not allowed to provide them with too much help, and it would entirely depend on their own abilities on how well they could organize the auctions.

This would determine the six people's positions in the family in the future. The fights both in the open and in secret have already started a long time ago.

In fact, even the auctioned items during the auction would be determined by their abilities. If they managed to bring to their side a cultivator that could seal those within the initial stage of World Plane Realm, then they could apply to auction off treasures that would require people to seal these treasures.

If they managed to bring to their side a cultivator who could seal those in the middle stage of World Plane Realm, then they could apply to auction off even higher quality treasures. Yu Chen Hai was certain that if he could auction off treasures of this caliber, then his chances of standing out among the other five would be incredibly high.

"As long as you agree to it, then I am willing to give you five million crystals as thanks in advance. Once I complete hosting the auction, I will give you ten million crystals extra to thank you.

"Brother Su, don't worry. The very first rule in Yu Family is that we must fulfill our promises!" Yu Chen Hai wrapped his fist in his palm once again.

Right when Yu Chen Hai finished saying these words, the unconscious bald crane by Su Ming's side opened its eyelids to reveal a pair of eyes that were shining with a brilliant light that was akin to the light of crystals. It was so excited that its body began trembling once again, eager to immediately agree to this matter.

However, just as it was about to speak to agree to the matter in Su Ming's place, it saw Su Ming glaring at it, and it immediately swallowed its words, but its heart was already bleeding in pain at the loss.

"Crystals, oh my crystals…" When the bald crane put on a dejected expression and looked as if it had suffered injustice, a focused glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He did not expect that this family in Black Ink Planet would have such financial power that ten million crystals would seem like a small number. This was a great difference compared to the other planets in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

Based on his experience, he could tell that Yu Chen Hai had not told him the full story. However, the general picture he had given Su Ming should not be fake. At that moment, as he opened and closed his eyes, a smile appeared on Su Ming's lips.

"All those from the Yu Family will definitely fulfill their promises as long as they gave their word, you say?"

"That's right. This is the rule in Yu Family. You do not need to worry," Yu Chen Hai said with a smile."

"Is it the same for everyone?" Su Ming looked to the side.

Yu Chen Hai hesitated for a moment, but still could not truly grasp what Su Ming meant. "It's the same for everyone."

Su Ming let out a fake cough, then lifted his right hand to pointed towards the old man he had sealed by the side before he spoke in a relaxed manner.

"This person had promised to give me one billion crystals just now as an apology. Brother Yu, since you're here and you heard him make this promise, you should be a witness for me."

As Yu Chen Hai was momentarily stunned by his words, the old man who was sealed but still had his ability to hear widened his eyes and began struggling violently. Anger appeared in his eyes, and it was so great that it looked as if it could burn everything around, making him look as if he would definitely cry out in rage with all his strength if he could break free.

There was also despair and resentment amid that anger. It was a despair that came from his soul as well as a resentment that came from his heart, and they almost drove him mad.

The bald crane's eyes went wide, and its breathing quickened. Its body trembled in agitation as it looked at Su Ming again. Suddenly, it felt heartfelt admiration towards Su Ming, and felt that he had become incomparably great.

'Well, damn me. I thought that I was devious enough, but I didn't expect this, I honestly didn't expect this. This Su Ming usually doesn't reveal his real character, so I didn't expect him to be so sly. He just promised ten million crystals, but this Su Ming… said it was one billion!

'That middle-aged man named Yu Chen Hai wants to bring Su Ming to his side and will definitely act as a witness. This is… He's too unbelievable!

'Devious, truly devious. Little Devious Su, he's even more devious than I am… Looks like I'll have to learn from him. Yes, I'll definitely master this, and I'll surpass his abilities!'

"One… One billion?" Yu Chen Hai was momentarily stunned before he instinctively asked again to make sure. The eyes of the two people behind him also went wide, filled with a strange expression. They naturally saw that there was something off about this. They had never seen such brazen extortion in their lives.

"Hmm? Brother Yu, didn't you hear with your own ears just now that this person promised me one billion crystals? Could it be that he was lying to me?" Su Ming frowned and let out a cold harrumph. "I was thinking of becoming your guest, but if this person had so shamelessly lied to me, then I'll have to rethink this."

Yu Chen Hai could only laugh wryly. He cast a pitying glance at the old man, who was almost going mad in his despair but could only struggle and not speak, then immediately nodded towards Su Ming.

"That's right, I… heard… just now, but this person should not have that many crystals with him. Don't worry though, Brother Su, all his savings will belong to you, and if it's not enough, he will pay with his life!" Once he said these words, a resolute and ruthless look appeared in Yu Chen Hai's eyes.

'He's just a cultivator who forcefully rose to the middle stage of World Plane Realm with the use of a treasure from the alien race, and he won't be able to improve even the slightest bit for the rest of his life. He's also a member of the extended family. Even if he's under father's command… it'll be fine to sacrifice him.' Yu Chen Hai had already made his decision in his heart. When he looked towards Su Ming once again, his impression of him had changed by far too much.

"Thank you for upholding justice, Brother Yu. Then, when will we head to Black Ink Planet?" Su Ming smiled faintly.
