# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 868

Su Ming's eyes shone with a glint. Under the gazes of all the people in the square beneath him, he walked towards the Sun and Moon Shine Together!

When his body disappeared into the statue holding onto the sun, expectation immediately appeared on all the faces of the people in the square.

It was especially so for Yu Chen Hai. In fact, he even had a feeling like he was dreaming. He was afraid that all of this will show to not be true. Instinctively, he pinched his own arm. His breathing quickened, and a brilliant light shone in his eyes.

"Over the years, most of those who cleared the second gate needed nearly half a month to do so. I wonder… if this person will succeed or fail," the old man with the crimson hair said softly.

"Second brother, are you still lamenting over your failure in the past? Big brother managed to clear the second gate, but you failed." The middle-aged man beside him smiled faintly.

"Let's not talk about the past. I do hope that he succeeds. The Progenitor is going to be in his isolation for a long time, but he once said before he entered isolation that if anyone clears the third gate, he will come out.

"Too much time has passed now, and the development of the Yu Family in Black Ink Planet has not been successful. The rise of the Lie Shan Family has left us in a very passive position." The old man with the crimson hair shook his head.

"The level of cultivation of this cultivator named Su Ming is slightly unclear. Even I couldn't find any clues about it just now. But I do think that the second gate will be his limit. Even now, I still can't forget the experiences I had when I was going through the second gate, and I don't have the courage to challenge it again. I'm afraid… of losing myself.

"As for the third gate… It's impossible." The middle-aged man sighed.

"Losing yourself… Ha." The old man with crimson hair sighed.

"As for Lie Shan Family… Hmph, if it wasn't for the Progenitor entering isolation, how could that Lie Shan Xiu have been able to achieve hegemony? But there are plenty of rumors regarding this Lie Shan Xiu's origins. We've investigated him for many years, but we still haven't managed to find his real background."

"With his own power, he managed to build a family that can threaten our Yu Family in just a little over ten thousand years. We can't underestimate this person. But I've heard that there's a high possibility that he came from Divine Essence Star Ocean." The old man with crimson hair's eyes sparkled when he spoke languidly.

"It's most likely true." The middle-aged man nodded.

As these two people spoke to each other, Su Ming opened his eyes within the statues of the Sun and Moon Shine Together in the sky.

Before he stepped into the statue, there had been piercing light shining into his eyes, which was why he had decided to close his eyes and walk over. At that moment, when he opened his eyes, he saw a vast ocean.

The sounds of waves crashing against the surface of the ocean spread in all directions. Sea breeze blew against his face, and the smell of an ocean filled the air.

Su Ming was standing on a cliff. When he looked around, he saw two statues in the ocean. Half of their bodies were submerged in the ocean, and the other half was standing above like mountains.

These two statues were what Su Ming had seen previously - The Sun and Moon Shine Together.

"What… do you want..?" A mighty voice rang out like thunderous booms. It echoed in the air and traveled into Su Ming's heart. That booming voice came from the mouth of the sun statue.

"Believe and worship the Sun God and Moon Goddess, and you will obtain everything," a voice said from the moon statue's mouth. It was very gentle, and it could make a person relax because of it.

"Living creatures that can come into the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao all possess extraordinary tenacity. Those who did not lose in the first gate can obtain the protection of the Gate of Dao race.

"Tell us your desires, and we will let you obtain them." The voice from the sun statue resounded in the air once again, and a glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes.

"Who are you?" he asked calmly.

"We are gods!" This time, the statues of the sun and moon spoke together. The fusion of the man's and the woman's voices formed a strange tone. As it echoed in the air, the dignified feeling they exuded became even stronger.

"The Gate of Dao race worships the eternal God of Time. I am the God of Bright Sun."

"The Gate of Dao race worships the sun and moon, which are the source of power. I am the God of Luminous Moon."

Su Ming remained silent. He looked at the two statues and did not speak for a long time.

"If you do not have any desires, then I will choose for you… I, God of Bright Sun, will bestow upon you… endless power!" The eyes of the Sun God statue shone, and the sun he held in his right hand shone with a brilliant light.

As that light spread out, Su Ming's body trembled, and a feeling of power erupted within him. His power increased exponentially with a bang at that moment, which was completely out of Su Ming's control.

He was already nearing the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm. As his power increased, he reached a breakthrough instantly and reached the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm.

"I can make you even stronger!"

As the Sun God's voice boomed, the power of Su Ming's clone which practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole experienced an increase in power once more. Loud, booming sounds echoed in his body, and as veins popped up on his skin, the powerful aura spreading out from him showed that he had broken through the middle stage of World Plane Realm and reached the later stage of World Plane Realm.

The feeling of power in the later stage of World Plane Realm felt incredibly real. He had a sense that it truly existed. At the instant his heart trembled, he looked at his palm, and a feeling that he could destroy the heavens with just one punch rose in him.

"You can become even stronger!"

As the Sun God's voice rang out again, Su Ming's body trembled furiously. An incredibly terrifying presence erupted from him. As that presence erupted forth, Su Ming could not help but roar towards the sky. The rocks on the mountain around him shattered, and he floated up in the air. During that moment, his physical power had reached the peak of the later stage of World Plane Realm.

"In fact… I can make you even stronger!"

The Sun God's flat voice echoed in the air again. With a bang, Su Ming attained completion of World Plane Realm from the peak of the later stage of World Plane Realm. With just one step, he could break through and head into a new Realm.

That was… Lunar Kalpa Realm!

"Do you… believe me?"

The Sun God's voice had a tone to it that could cause people's hearts to beat in excitement. As it spread out, Su Ming's power erupted with a bang once again. This time, his hair moved without wind, and his body trembled even more furiously. He could sense his blood boiling in this physical body of his.

As his blood boiled, wisps of blood smoke came out through his pores as his blood evaporated. They gathered above his head and turned into a bright moon.

At the instant this happened, Su Ming let out a long howl that shook the sky and earth. The sky trembled, and the mighty strength within him that was difficult to describe with words brought a with it a sense of the power of Lunar Kalpa Realm.

In fact, he even had a strong feeling that as long as he believed in the statue's words, his power would move to this Realm, and he would… become a powerful warrior in Lunar Kalpa Realm in one go.

"You can become even stronger."

The Sun God's voice was still as indifferent as ever. It was filled with a mighty pressure as it spread out, and Su Ming's cultivation base erupted once more. This time, the blood moon around him grew larger and gradually moved from a crescent to being a full moon. When it became a full circle, it was no longer a moon, but a sun!

This was Solar Kalpa!!

'This is impossible. If he truly had this power, then it would be impossible for the Yu Family to be in this state now. They would definitely have been able to conquer the entire Black Ink Planet!' Su Ming told himself that this was fake, but the feeling of the power in his body being real clearly showed him that all of this was real.

All cultivators had one deadly desire. There might be many different varieties to this desire, but in the end, they all came down to two things. One of them was eternal life, and the other was power.

Eternal life was what all manner of living desired, and powerful might was the dream of a cultivator.

When any single one of these two were placed before a cultivator, it was incredibly rare for anyone to be able to resist it. Su Ming had resisted the temptation of eternal life, but even though he knew that this was not real, in the face of his level of cultivation being risen… All of this was not something that he could truly not believe with just a simple declaration that he did not believe in it.

"The cultivation system used by the Yu Family is not suitable for me to help them raise their levels of cultivation. To them… I would not do so, but you are not the same… I can sense that your soul and everything about you… does not belong in this galaxy.

"You… belong to our region. You… belong to our land.

"Worship me, and I will make you strong! I can even make you… a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death."

As the Sun God's voice echoed in the air, Su Ming's cultivation base erupted once again. This time, the crimson sun above his head looked as if it had been lit in flames and turned into a red palm. This palm struck hard the top of Su Ming's skull.

With it, a loud bang shot up in his mind. He… sensed the presence of the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death. It was a power that exceeded his imagination. It was… a maddening power that could stand up against the universe.

Su Ming lowered his head and looked at his palm. In his eyes, his palm had turned blood red, and he had a strong feeling that as long as he lifted his hand, he could destroy all lives.

"Worship me, and from then on, you will become the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death!" The temptation lying in the Sun God's voice this time was even greater, and it echoed in Su Ming's mind nonstop.

Su Ming remained silent. After a long time, a cold sneer suddenly appeared at the corners of his lips. He lifted his head and looked at the statue of the Sun God.

"Is making me the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death your limit?"

At the instant Su Ming said these words, the statue of the Sun God at the ocean suddenly looked as if it had come alive. Powerful light shone in its eyes, and a bright light that could make the world disappear suddenly erupted from the bright sun in its right hand.

"You are not satisfied?"

"I can worship you, but the power of a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death… isn't enough for me to worship you," Su Ming said calmly. Perhaps becoming a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death was the desire of many cultivators, but this was far from enough to Su Ming.

With his experiences and knowledge, how could he worship this statue just to become a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death!

The Sun God fell silent.

"Then what if I give you this as well," the statue of the moon that had not spoken for a long time said in her gentle voice.

As she spoke, a hazy illusion immediately appeared on the surface of the sea in front of Su Ming. Within it were all the people who had died in his memories.

All of these people had their eyes closed and did not move.

"Believe in me and worship me, and I will resurrect them."

Su Ming remained silent. After a long while, he shook his head.

"If I get sufficient power, I'll also be able to resurrect them. What you offer isn't enough to make me worship you."
