# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 869

"Then what is it that you want..?" The Sun God's voice might be sounding calm, but there was a slight difference to it.

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath, and a barely noticeable glint shone in his eyes before he spoke slowly. "Power that surpasses those that belong to the Masters of Fate, Lives, and Deaths."

"Very well." This time, the Sun God and Moon Goddess spoke at the same time. At the instant their voices echoed in the air, the sun and moon in their hands shone.

Su Ming's power erupted once more. He thought he could see the beginning of the universe, and an indescribable feeling rose in his heart.

It was as if he could control the rising and the setting of the sun, as if he had reached the Realm of the Rise and Fall of Fate.

Su Ming closed his eyes. At the moment he did so, within Western Ring Nebula, which was beyond Black Ink Planet, his Ecang clone sitting in the cosmos within the galaxy's foreign lands opened his eyes swiftly.

Ardor and desire appeared in his eyes.

'Three Gates of Heavenly Dao… So this is the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao. They are formed by the sun and moon worshiped by the Gate of Dao race. They possess the power of Divine Essence in their bodies!

'But this Divine Essence does not come from the nine Great Divine Essences, but from the outer world… Their power comes from faith and worship. As long as someone believes in them, they will exist.

'Outsiders cannot hope to stand up against their power… but since I have Ecang's clone, I can overcome it!

'I have to make sure that the Divine Essence Illusory Art cast on my clone that practices the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole is even stronger. Only then… can I make my will descend into the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao without getting harmed!' As Su Ming's Ecang clone lifted his hands, the galaxy where he was instantly turned into a big purple tree. As the tree swayed, a brilliant, purple light shone in Su Ming's eyes.

At the same time, as he continued closing his eyes in the world within the Second Gate of Heavenly Gate, his power rose once more, and he moved from the Rise and Fall of Fate to a new Realm.

That Realm was the Reincarnation of Life.

This Realm already surpassed Su Ming's understanding. He did not know what sort of power he possessed. However, he had a feeling that with one thought, he could make this place go through a cycle of life and death.

It was also at this moment that booming sounds rang out in Su Ming's body as the sun and moon shone together, and he could clearly feel that his level of cultivation had reached an even higher Realm.

This Realm gave Su Ming a strong feeling that… with just one thought, he could destroy the universe.

In fact, at this moment, as he looked at the piercing light from the sun and moon shining together, he found that the light had become much dimmer. He could even see that within the two statues, there were...

...two people sitting cross-legged!

They were a man and a woman. They were both sitting on the surface of the sea, and due to them sending out their power from their bodies, the statues were formed. The man had a handsome face, and the woman looked like a goddess. The two people's appearances were perfect, and not a single flaw could be found on them. However, this feeling of perfection made it seem like they only possessed human form and did not have souls.

Su Ming also sensed the presence of Divine Essence within their bodies!

"Divine Essence…" A powerful light shone in Su Ming's eyes. At that moment, the voices from the statues of the sun and moon echoed in his mind once more.

"That is enough. This is the limit of how high we can raise your level of cultivation. However, it is a mere illusion. If you believe in us and worship us from the bottom of your heart, then the power will solidify, and you… will become our apostle."

"With this sort of power, it will be enough for you to stand at the peak of the world outside, and it will also be enough for you to be able to do all the things that you could not do before. If you believe in us and worship us, then you will be able to obtain it."

"Believe in us and worship us, and you will obtain all of these. If you don't, then your power will be taken back…" As the two of them spoke, Su Ming's level of cultivation instantly started plunging down, as if the source that had been supporting him to become so strong was being taken away.

"The two of you are the ones who will worship me!" A cold sneer suddenly appeared on Su Ming's lips.

"You foolish ant, you overestimate yourself. Since you gave up on our good will, then… Hmm?"

The moment Su Ming spoke, the Sun God's majestic voice echoed in the air with a loud bang, but before he could finish speaking, his words froze for a moment, shock seeping into his voice.

What caused this shock was Su Ming swinging his arms outwards. The world behind him immediately distorted, and a gigantic purple tree appeared.

As that purple tree manifested in the air, a sinister and cold presence filled with madness and a domineering air erupted forth with a bang in all directions. As the presence burst forth, everything in the world was dyed in purple.

"Ecang!" When that purple tree appeared, two cries of surprise rang out at the same time from the two statues. Those voices were filled with shock and disbelief.

"Damn it, during the era when all lives died, Ecang was still recovering, why is it here?!"

By then, the power that had gathered on Su Ming's body dissipated like a receding tide. As it swiftly disappeared, Su Ming lifted his right hand and seized the air before him quickly.

"Come back!" As he spoke with a cold harrumph, the purple tree that occupied the world immediately started swaying. Countless branches started stretching ferociously outwards, turning into a huge hand in midair, and with a loud bang, it seized the statue of the Sun God.

The world rumbled, and a powerful light spread out from the statue of the Sun God. As it came into contact with the hand of Su Ming's Ecang clone, loud booms reverberated in the air, and the statue started showing signs of cracking.

At that moment, right before the eyes of the hundreds of people standing on Yu Family's square, which was located right beyond the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao… a huge crack appeared on the statue of the Sun God in the sky.

This was something that had never happened before. All the people who had challenged the second gate previously had never brought something like this about. While in shock, the crowd started buzzing with noise.

"What… what's going on? How could… How could the statue of the Sun God shatter?!"

"What's going on with the guest that is challenging the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao?! How did he make the statue of the Sun God shatter?!"

While everyone was in shock, the old man with crimson hair and the middle-aged man had drastic changes to their expressions. Even with their levels of cultivation, they were shocked by the sight, and disbelief appeared on their faces.

"The statue of the Sun God is shattering... This is something that had never happened before! Just what did this Su Ming do in the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao?!"

"I can sense anger… and fear from the shattering statue!" The middle-aged man beside him sucked in a sharp breath.

It was at that moment that a loud, booming sound rang out, and in the mid of the crowd's shock, the statue of the Sun God… shattered completely. As it did so, a purple aura spread out with a bang. The sinister air spreading out from that purple aura was filled with madness and a domineering will. Within an instant, it shook everyone's heart.

"Members of the Yu Family, move back!" an ancient voice spoke suddenly from beneath the ground that belonged to the Yu Family. Once it did so, a mighty power erupted from the ground and swept up all the members of the Yu Family backwards. Then, an old man with a hunched back emerged from within the ground.

At the moment he appeared, the old man with crimson hair and the middle-aged man, who were the only ones who were not pushed back, wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed towards the old man.

"Big brother!"
