# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 870

The Statue of the Sun God shattered with a bang. This was something that had never happened before in Yu Family's history. Most of the members of the family and the guests were gentle in their actions as they challenged the gates, but this time… there was an incredibly unyielding and strong will contained by the challenger.

Booming sounds surged into the sky. An endless amount of shards was swept in all directions in the sky, as if the sky had shattered. With a powerful force, the shards swept through the sky, and wherever they went, the weather would change. In fact, quite a large number of towers in the Yu Family shattered and collapsed as they came into contact with the shards that came towards them with loud booms.

These booms echoed in the air and shook the area within tens of thousands of lis. For a moment, the members of the Yu Family were filled with apprehension. Some of those who had not arrived to the square yet sped up and rushed towards the place with their expressions changed drastically.

It looked as if a strong enemy had invaded the Yu Family, and a piercing screech even spread out within. Screens of light appeared out of thin air, and that was the sign that Yu Family's Great Protection Rune had been activated.

As an endless amount of figures charged towards the square, nearly ten thousand figures soon appeared around Dao Avenue Mountain. These were the members of the Yu Family that had stayed behind instead of venturing out to Divine Essence Star Ocean. If anyone cast their gaze towards them, they would find that there were quite a large number of people still rushing over to the place.

Yu Chen Hai stared blankly at the shattered statue of the Sun God in the sky. He seemed to have forgotten how to breathe, and his mind was completely blank. His expression was changing swiftly, and even he did not know what was in his mind at that moment.

His family members around him had shocked expressions on their faces. As more people arrived and Yu Chen Hai saw four people whose ages were similar to his and whose levels of cultivation were also the same as his appearing in the crowd from different directions, a chilling glare alighted in his eyes, and a dark expression appeared on his face.

These four people were four out of the five competitors in the auction. Only if he showed outstanding results against these people would he be valued highly by his family.

The appearance of these four people immediately made Yu Chen Hai's heart stable. His originally collapsing mind calmed down. He knew that no matter what, he had to stand by Su Ming's side. The more powerful Su Ming was, the more advantageous it would be for Yu Chen Hai. This was a chance given by heaven itself for him to rise in power in his family!

At the same time the statue of the Sun God in Yu Family's square shattered and the entire Yu Family was shaken, the gigantic hand that was formed by the purple Ecang tree behind Su Ming was lifted up from the collapsing statue of the Sun God in the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao.

He stood in midair, and his hair was moving without wind. A strange light shone in his eyes. Then, without pausing even in the slightest, he lifted his left hand and seized the air in the direction of the statue of the Moon Goddess.

"Shatter!"

Su Ming let out a cold shout, and immediately, the purple Ecang tree behind him started swaying intensely. The tree crown rocked slightly, and a violent gust of wind charged forward. At the instant Su Ming lifted his left hand, the endless branches grew longer as they twisted about. In the span of a breath, they turned into a gigantic hand that shot past Su Ming to seize the statue of the Moon Goddess.

The statue of the Sun God was still shattering, while the statue of the Moon Goddess was letting out a gentle light. However, while the light seemed gentle, if anyone looked at it for a long period of time, that light would cause them to lose their sight without their realization!

A low shout came from the statue of the Moon Goddess. As she lifted her head, the bright moon in her hand flew into the sky on its own to crash forcefully into the incoming Ecang hand.

Just that simple crash stirred up booming sounds that caused the ocean to roar, the seawater to raise one hundred thousand feet into the air, so its curtain would cover the surface of the ocean and the world within an instant.

As everything turned obscure, booming sounds surged into the sky. Su Ming's Ecang hand shuddered and was bounced thousands of feet away.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. As he let out a cold harrumph, the Ecang tree behind him roared. In the blink of an eye, the Ecang hand that was bounced off changed from the form of trying to seize something to the form of going to slap something!

At the same time, the hand of the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death appeared in Su Ming's left eye. With this epiphany, his clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole might only be able to make the hand gain form, but if his Ecang clone executed it, the hand would possess mighty power.

Almost at the instant the shadow of the palm shone in Su Ming's left eye, the Ecang hand in the sky swiftly struck the statue of the Moon Goddess hidden behind the curtain of water.

"You are merely two Gods with incomplete souls, how dare you manipulate my level of cultivation? You… What right do you have to give me power? What right do you have to make me believe in you and worship you? Can you… pay the price of making me do those things?!"

Su Ming was in the air. As his voice echoed like thunder, his Ecang hand fell downwards with a bang. No one could tell if they saw from the distance whether Su Ming's Ecang hand had pushed down on the one hundred thousand feet curtain of water or had pushed down on the statue of the Moon Goddess hidden behind the curtain of water.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Loud booming sounds surged into the sky continuously as if they wanted to cause the world to collapse from the vibrations. Cracking sounds reverberated in the air. That was the sound of the statue of the Moon Goddess shattering. Under the power of Ecang, which now belonged to Su Ming, the Sun God and Moon Goddess, who were clearly incomplete, were no opponent!

Even if they might have been at the same level as Sui Chen Zi in the past… the life form that was Ecang was an existence that surpassed these two statues, and if they were to compare based on the levels of life forms, then Su Ming, who had Possessed Ecang, surpassed Ecang's existence.

He had nothing to be concerned about in this battle!

The Sun God and Moon Goddess who possessed Divine Essence from other worlds wanted to make Su Ming believe in them and worship them, wanted to turn him into their apostle that listened to their commands. Perhaps they had some other motives… but it was just as Su Ming had said, they could not pay the price of making him believe and worship them.

Since they could not pay the price and still attempted to do so, the only result of this could be… Su Ming snatching their Divine Essence and them become a way for him to become more powerful.

Booming sounds that were deafening to the ears rang in the air, and the breathing of the near ten thousand people from the Yu Family quickened, their eyes going wide as they stood near the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao. From there, they saw clearly that once the statue of the Sun God shattered, the statue of the Moon Goddess by its side also started cracking.

Huge cracks went down its side, and wisps of purple fog that brought with it a sinister intent as well as a ghastly presence spread out from within the cracks to occupy most of the sky.

The people found themselves staring at a purple sky when they lifted their heads to look at it.

The malicious feeling from the purple hue also left a deep impression within the hearts of those who saw it with their own eyes. Most of them suddenly found the purple color to be strange and bewitching.

Boom!

The statue of the Moon Goddess shattered. The cracks on her face made it seem as if they were tears. At the instant this scene shocked all of the people who saw it, the cracks continued expanding, and the statue of the Moon Goddess… shattered!

Of the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao, the second gate… the Sun and Moon Shine Together… disappeared from the face of the earth, removed from existence!

The three Grand Family Elders who were closest to Dao Avenue Mountain had differing expressions compared to the other members of their family. The old man who had appeared from the ground just now had an incredibly grim expression on his face, while the other two kept their gazes fixed on the spot where the statues once were.

"This purple hue… is making me want to tremble and worship it. I can even sense a power that seems to be able to destroy the universe from that purple hue…"

"Just... what level of cultivation does the person our kin has brought back possess?!"

The three of them looked at each other, and they could see the shock in the eyes of one another.

Once the statues of the Sun God and Moon Goddess shattered completely, the one hundred thousand feet curtain of water gradually fell down within the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao. The booming sounds were then reduced to lingering echoes.

Su Ming stood in midair with a calm expression. Before him, the statues of the Sun God and Moon Goddess had already collapsed into the sea. As the shards from their bodies scattered everywhere, the indescribably handsome man and the flawlessly beautiful woman appeared from within the collapsed statues.

The two of them stood on the surface of the sea and glared at Su Ming with endless hatred on their faces.

"During the era when all lives died, we were all recovering… This is where all of our Divine Clones lie. You went against the promises we made in the past, and you will receive the punishment of the Spirit King!"

"Get out of here! Divine Essence Star Ocean is not a place where those of you from the nine Great Universes can come. The pact of the Spirit King is still around, and if you devour our Divine Essences, the Spirit King's will is going to descend in this place, and you… will die for sure!"

Su Ming's expression remained as calm as usual, but his heart was shaken slightly. Once he Possessed Ecang and turned it into his clone, he had obtained its jumbled memories, and time was needed for him to slowly fuse with those memories. Right then, there were plenty of things that he did not know of, such as the Spirit King and the promise they spoke of. He had absolutely no memory of it.

"You don't know Spirit King's pact?"

"You… Could it be that you're a cultivator? You… You Possessed Ecang!" With some unknown method, the man and woman had managed to read Su Ming's mind, and at that moment, their expressions changed drastically.

Su Ming let out a cold harrumph and did not speak. These two people's bodies were formed completely by Divine Essence. Su Ming could sense a strong desire from his Ecang clone. If he could devour these two people, then his Ecang clone would become much stronger.

Su Ming did not know what that Spirit King's pact was, and neither would he be bothered by it. Almost the instant the two people's expressions changed, the Ecang tree behind Su Ming shook with a bang, and as it grew endlessly larger, it replaced the entire world. A gap was revealed on the Ecang tree's trunk, and it looked like a gigantic mouth. It sucked in a sharp breath in the direction of the two people in the sea.

With it, the sky, earth, and naturally the sea as well, instantly shrank to be sucked into Ecang's mouth all at once. Despair showed up on the man and woman's faces in the mid of their anguish. They could not hope to fight back. Without their statues, they were just a bundle of Divine Essence.

The world turned purple in an instant. After a moment, everything vanished, and even the tree that was formed by Su Ming's Ecang clone disappeared without a trace.

Two bundles of Divine Essence appeared before Su Ming's Ecang clone in Western Ring Nebula's foreign land. One of them was in the shape of a moon, and the other in the shape of the sun. They surrounded the Ecang clone, and as they slowly shrank, Su Ming's Ecang clone lifted his head and roared before swiftly becoming stronger.

At the same time, Su Ming's clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole let out a roar towards the sky in the broken world. He might already be near the peak of the middle stage of World Plane Realm, but at that moment, as he roared, his level of cultivation showed clear signs of rising.

"Clone that practices the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole, execute the Art and bring forth the sixth disaster!"
