# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 873

Fortune comes from risks.

Su Ming had originally come to the Yu Family with the intention of gaining a foothold in Black Ink Planet and blending into its crowd at an even faster pace so that he could investigate the things related to the bald crane.

In fact, if he had the chance, he even wanted to go to Divine Essence Star Ocean so that he could take a look at what sort of universe was contained within the place that was known as the Star Ocean within the Land of Divine Essence, and just how many of the alien races he had never seen before.

Then, he would wait for a chance. Once his Ecang clone became stronger, he would search for a way to leave the Barren Lands of Divine Essence and rush into the region where the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds are stationed and return to the four Great True Worlds. Then… he would go back home.

However, this plan had changed slightly after Su Ming sensed the Shamans' presence when he stood outside Yu Family's Relocation Rune. He had discovered the existence of the Shamans, and this caused him to come up with a myriad of interconnected thoughts, and he had also thought about Lie Shan Xiu.

In fact, in the depths of his heart, Su Ming had another hope. He hoped… to see Berserkers here.

After all, if the Shamans could be here, then there was no reason for the Berserkers to not be here!

That was why Su Ming had chosen to help Yu Chen Hai and challenge the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao.

He had not needed to challenge the gates in such a flashy manner and he had not intended to do anything in a high profile, but after going through the things in the First Gate of Heavenly Dao, he had sensed a power that tempted him. As long as he believed in it, it would exist.

That was why Su Ming had not hesitated stepping in when the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao appeared. Within it, he had received a great serendipity with his Ecang clone, but even so, he had not received the power that had tempted him just then.

However, it was already enough!

If the woman had not appeared and he had not detected the presence of an Enchanted Treasure within the third gate, he would not have challenged it. However, an Enchanted Treasure that could only be activated by Divine Essence and could stir up Divine Essence had tempted Su Ming into making such a choice.

That was why he challenged the third gate, having decided to take the risk!

Even if he suspected that the Yu Family had an ulterior motive, he believed that his act of devouring the Sun God and Moon Goddess had not been seen through by anyone. He had the Ecang clone with him, and with it, his chances of success became greater in this gamble.

As Su Ming approached the elephant, the elephant's cries in the sea of clouds became incredibly clear. A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He moved forward and instantly shot through the sea of clouds. At the moment he closed in, he saw the elephant.

It was… a gigantic elephant that was covered in fur which was purplish black and was tens of thousands of feet tall. Its limbs were bound by the clouds, and it was swaying its nose continuously in agony. Its cries spread out in all directions, because of which the clouds kept tumbling about.

Its eyes were murky, and it had huge tusks. A ferocious intent spread out from the elephant. As it roared, the tusks looked to possess a power that could destroy the world, and fear would raise within anyone who felt it.

There was a gigantic round bowl under its body. That bowl was also several tens of thousands of feet wide, and it had the elephant completely contained within. Su Ming immediately saw that there were four chains that extended upwards from around the bowl, and only when they were nearly ten thousand feet above the bowl did Su Ming see a black staff!

It… was a scale!

The bowl was part of a hanging scale, and the black staff was the beam. It stretched out endlessly, and it was clear that there should be a weight somewhere in the distance, above the beam that could weigh this elephant.

Su Ming's heart trembled at this scene. He was unable to distinguish whether the elephant or the scale was the Enchanted Treasure. There was even a possibility… that both of them were the Enchanted Treasure!

'This is the Enchanted Vessel that belonged to the Sun God and Moon Goddess when they were at the peak of their power. If that's the case, then it's accurate to say that there are two treasures!'

A focused glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He did not immediately take action, since that would just be reckless, but instead leaped up and charged along the beam.

However, even when he saw the end of the beam, he did not find the weight of the scale. This was… a scale that did not have a weight!

"No promise…" At the moment Su Ming realized that there was no weight, a cry that seemed to be emitted due to pain suddenly rang through the world with loud, booming sounds.

"No promise… Where is the promise… Where are your promises?!

"I swallowed the weight, because… I swallowed the promise!

"Do not believe in the promise! The promise is the source of my strength! Believe in me, and I will exist!

"I… am the Enchanted Vessel, Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here. I… do not have a promise!

"I want to weigh a promise and find out how heavy it is. I want to know… how heavy a promise is. I want to know… just what is a promise!"

There was endless suffering contained in that voice. It sounded like roars as it echoed in the air. When Su Ming's heart trembled, that voice suddenly became gentle.

"You… came…

"You inherited the Divine Essence that belonged to the Sun God and Moon Goddess. You… brought the promise here…

"Give me a promise… I will follow you… and find out how much a promise weighs!

"Give me… a promise…"

"What promise do you want?!" Su Ming sucked in a deep breath. When he spoke, he had already noticed that the one who spoke was the elephant in the distance. It was the one speaking while crying out.

However, its eyes were murky, as if it was deep in sleep. It was like the words that were echoing in the air came from its soul.

"Promise me… that you will take me away!

"Make this promise with me, and I will become… your strongest supreme treasure. I will use this body of mine to stomp over all galaxies… Give me… a promise!" that voice roared. This time, it was no longer in pain, but instead had a form of madness contained within it.

In the mid of this madness, the sea of clouds roared and swept out in all directions, causing the endless sea to swiftly rotate before turning into a gigantic vortex. Loud, booming sounds spread out, and as the sea of clouds tumbled about before spreading out nonstop, the center of the world no longer have any clouds. Because of this, Su Ming could finally see the entirety of this Enchanted Vessel with just one glance.

Su Ming did not speak. He looked at the Enchanted Vessel known as Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here, looked into the elephant's eyes, and a freezing glare gradually appeared in his eyes.

'As long you believe in it, it will exist…'

Su Ming's lips slowly curled up into a cold sneer. The Abyss Builders' inborn ability was Possession, and he had even performed it twice. As he looked at the elephant's murky eyes at that moment, he could tell it was clearly deep in sleep, which could only mean that the voice's appearance… There might seem to be no temptation in this place, but in truth, it was waiting for Su Ming to make a promise. If he believed in those words, then whoever said those words would come into existence.

It might seem abstruse and insubstantial, but in truth, this was the source of this power.

'Are you intending to Possess me..? Then I'll play with you!' Su Ming chuckled coldly. At the instant a freezing glare appeared in his eyes, he opened his mouth slowly and said, "I promise to take you away!"

At the instant he said them, a crazed bout of laughter cut off the elephant's voice. There was an ancient air contained within that laughter, along with extreme joy as well as a craziness that came from finally being set free after being oppressed for tens of thousands of years.

"I… will fulfill your promise!"

At the instant the laughter shook the sky and earth, a great will suddenly erupted from within the Enchanted Vessel known as Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here. The strength of that will caused the world to tremble, and in an instant, it charged towards Su Ming to Possess him!
