# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 874

"Possession?" Su Ming stood at where he was and did not take even a step back. He had long since guessed most of what was going on. When he saw the Vessel Spirit from the Enchanted Vessel known as Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here, a glint appeared in his eyes. He even took a step forward, as if he was willingly offering himself up to be Possessed.

The great will closed in on him instantly. Yet when he saw that Su Ming had not retreated but had instead moved forward, he became uncertain. However, the chance now was one that had arrived after he waited for tens of thousands of years. There was no way he would give it up due to a moment of uncertainty.

As the will came upon him with loud booming sounds, it descended on Su Ming's body. That will was like flowing streams of water that surged into his body through his pores. A crazed laughter also echoed in Su Ming's mind.

"It's your serendipity to become my body. Since you promised to take me away, then you… will belong to me!"

A booming sound rang out in Su Ming's mind, but his expression remained calm. It was as if he was completely unconcerned about being Possessed. As the booming sounds reverberated violently in his mind, he sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes.

"The Abyss Builders' inborn ability allows us to Possess others to live. You are just a Vessel Spirit in an Enchanted Vessel, and there is even a possibility that you aren't the real soul, but a soul fragment that had accidentally fuses with the Enchanted Vessel. How dare… you Possess me?"

At the instant Su Ming closed his eyes, his thoughts burst forth in his mind and soul with a loud sound that was like thunderous boom that could shake the sky and earth.

Once the great will surged into Su Ming's body, the elephant's eyes slowly became clearer and it fell into deep sleep. The light on its body became dark. Even the scale lost its lustre. Then, this world formed by the sea of clouds became dead silent.

There was no tumbling of waves, no movement of clouds. Everything seemed to have been frozen.

However, compared to the tranquility of the world, a storm was now raging in Su Ming's mind, and booming sounds as loud as those when mountains collapse reverberated in him.

Su Ming's mind was like a purple galaxy that was as boundless as the universe. At that moment, within the purple galaxy was a layer of gray fog that covered an area of some several tens of thousands of feet. This might not seem big, but if anyone looked at it from a close proximity, they would be greatly shocked.

As that gray fog tumbled about, a contour of an old face emerged. The expression on that face was twisted, with an extreme joy as well as a madness born due to being oppressed for tens of thousands of years. Now, that face was spreading out endlessly to devour the place.

"Haha! I've waited for tens of thousands of years! Tens of thousands of years! And the Apostle has finally arrived! I'll Possess you and treat your body well, and I will let you have a taste… of the pain of losing your body!"

The gray fog laughed madly in the purple galaxy as it continued spreading to cover the entire area. In the blink of an eye, it had already grown ten times larger than its original size.

If anyone looked at it then, they would find that the gray fog had become even greater in mass, and would be slightly terrified.

"Haha… Playing hide and seek with me, hmm? Very well, then. I will find your soul. Your mind might be big, but you can't escape… I will search for your soul slowly and devour you. What I have is time!" Madness appeared on the old man's face in the gray fog. It spread out once more, tumbling into the distance.

Time trickled by slowly. The gray fog continued expanding through the galaxy, but Su Ming's soul could not be found. The old man that was the gray fog looked at the boundless purple galaxy, and his expression slowly turned dark.

"I'd like to see where you can run to!"

He looked as if he had sucked in a deep breath before he let out a quick breath. When he did so, the gray fog immediately grew in size exponentially before tumbling outwards into the endless area. In the blink of an eye, the gray fog occupied most of the galaxy.

If someone looked over, they would find that this galaxy was filled with the old man's gray fog. When he sucked in another deep breath, all parts of the purple galaxy turned gray with a bang. The place was completely filled with the gray fog.

The purple galaxy which was Su Ming's mind no longer seemed like it belonged to him but to the old man. The old man laughed madly, but then he came to an abrupt halt, and his expression turned dark once again, because he, who thought that he had occupied Su Ming's mind…. found that he could not find Su Ming's soul.

"Damn it! Brat, you sure can hide yourself well, but I'll still be able to find you!"

The old man let out a low growl. No one could say what sort of divine ability he executed, but the gray fog immediately exploded with a bang before turning into an endless amount of gray threads. As if they wanted to break apart this galaxy, they moved outwards with loud, booming sounds.

Time continued passing. Several hours later, the old man's crazed voice echoed in Su Ming's mind.

"Just where are you?! I've already occupied your entire mind, so why can't I find your soul?! That's impossible! Your soul has to be hidden here!"

"Even if you don't come out, even if you hide for tens of thousands of years, it's still useless! I'll go and control your body right now, and if you dare to come out and interfere with me, I'll immediately devour you!"

The old man roared, but soon, his expression changed, because he realized… that he could not leave this place, much less control Su Ming's body.

"This is… What's going on?! How can this be?!"

The old man's expression changed drastically. Unwilling to accept this, he tried once again to leave the galaxy that was Su Ming's mind and control Su Ming's body, but after multiple tries, he discovered to his shock… that he still could not do so.

Based on what he knew, this was something that should be impossible. He could not think of any reason. As he roared, he looked as if he had gone crazy. Fog tumbled about, as if it wanted to cause Su Ming's mind to burst like a balloon.

"Damn it! I'll find your soul… I have ample time, just you wait. Once I find your soul, I'll make you know just what pain is!"

As he was raving, a calm voice suddenly traveled out indifferently from all directions.

"You want to see my soul?"

"Come here!" When the old man heard that voice, he immediately roared. This roar came from the gray fog, and it was as if the galaxy he had occupied was roaring.

"As you wish."

When Su Ming's cool voice traveled into the galaxy calmly… a galaxy that was the same size as the one occupied by the old man's gray fog suddenly appeared beyond the one that was occupied. Then, another one, and another one, and another one appeared… until an endless amount of boundless galaxies were in all directions.

There was a total of one hundred thousand galaxies!

The old man had only occupied one out of one hundred thousand galaxies!

Su Ming's soul actually formed a complete universe!

This scene completely stunned the old man, and a dazed look appeared on his face for an instant. This surpassed his imagination. He had never imagined that a person's mind could be so terrifying.

A shudder ran through the old man's mind, and he gritted his teeth and roared, "Where are you?!"

"I am right before you. Lift up your head, and you will see me." The thing that answered the old man was a loud boom formed by all one hundred thousand galaxies speaking at the same time.

The old man instinctively lifted his head, and he started trembling furiously. He saw...
