# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 875

He saw a mysterious object of an indescribable size within the boundless cosmos. It was difficult for him to compare what he saw with anything else.

It seemed like a gigantic pillar, but the breadth of it seemed to have replaced the entire cosmos, causing all those who saw it to feel as if they were looking at a barrier.

"This… This is…"

The old man's mind trembled. The gray fog which was him started rising and falling violently due to the changes in his emotions. He slowly raised his head to the limit, and he found that he could still not see the top of the gigantic pillar.

When he activated his vast divine sense and used it to look at it, the fog which was him suddenly stopped trembling, as if it had become still. It seemed a single bit of emotion could be stirred up in his heart. He… was stunned speechless. His mind went blank, and there were no longer any thoughts in his head. The only thing that remained was the absent-minded state that came upon him due to extreme shock.

He could see that the surface of the gigantic pillar seemed like tree bark, but he could not believe that such a big tree that was completely inconceivable could exist in the world.

However, after a moment, when he saw the gigantic tree crown, the endless branches, and the entirety of the boundless tree, he descended into madness.

"What… What is this?! You… Who are you?!" He shivered. During that moment, his heart was filled with fear and disbelief.

"I am the person you wanted to Possess," Su Ming's gigantic purple Ecang clone stated flatly. His voice immediately reverberated in the cosmos with loud, booming sounds. Just the spread of his voice alone already caused the gray fog to tremble so much that it almost disintegrated.

"That's impossible! You're the Apostle! The Apostle inherits the Sun God and Moon Goddess' legacy, but the Sun God and Moon Goddess were injured badly during the era when all lives died. Even if you obtained their legacy, it's impossible for this sort of soul to appear in you!

"You… You aren't the Apostle!!"

As the old man shouted shrilly, the gray fog which was him immediately started tumbling about and moving backwards, trying once again to escape from Su Ming's mind. However, he had already attempted this previously, and even if he tried it again at that moment, it was of little help.

This was Su Ming's mind. This was the cosmos formed by all one hundred thousand of his galaxies. This was the place where his soul was at its strongest. This was the place… where Su Ming was the master!

Su Ming had been able to Possess Ecang, and because of this, there were few lives in the world that could Possess him, because this task would be even more difficult than Su Ming Possessing Ecang in the past!

Almost the instant the old man descended into madness and the gray fog was about to escape at all cost, a gap tore open at the trunk of the Ecang tree that was Su Ming.

The gap looked like a gaping mouth that could devour everything.

Su Ming did not act quickly, but it was precisely because he was acting slowly that it brought such fear to the old man. That fear erupted endlessly from within him. He tried time and again to escape from the place while roaring in despair, but it was of no use. He could only… watch as the tree that was Su Ming slowly opened its mouth and gradually revealed a ferocious sight that caused him to scream.

"No! Let me go! Don't swallow me! I can become your servant!

"I… I can make the entire Yu Family become your servants. Don't kill me! I… I can conquer the entire Black Ink Planet for you!!"

The old man was already rambling at this point. The chance that he had been longing for tens of thousands of years had turned into the shadow of death. He had thought that this would be a chance for him to succeed, but in the blink of an eye, the tables were turned against him. He was about to pay with his life, and all of this was something that the old man could not accept.

"What is your name?" Su Ming's voice reverberated in the air with an unparalleled pressure. His voice was the will of heaven, and it was something that could not be refused.

Su Ming's question gave the old man hope that he had a chance to survive. He immediately answered without a single bit of hesitation, "Yu Han. I am the fourth Progenitor of the Yu Family, Yu Han…"

However, just as he said these words, the gaping mouth on the Ecang tree that was Su Ming sucked in a sharp breath.

With it, the one hundred thousand galaxies roared at the same time. All of them trembled violently as if the cosmos was about to collapse and as if the universe was about to be destroyed.

During that instant, a shrill scream of pain filled with despair came from the gray fog that was the old man. The gray fog was sucked in, and in an instant, it turned into wisps of smoke that charged into Ecang's gaping mouth.

"I've waited for tens of thousands of years, I've had the help from a dozen something generations of descendants throughout the ages, and after waiting for so long, someone had finally arrived, I can't accept this… I… can't accept this!"

The old man's distorted face appeared in the wisps of fog that had been sucked into Ecang's mouth. Hatred, despair, and a strong refusal to accept defeat filled his expression.

Yet he could do nothing to stop any of this. He had thought that what would come to him would be a cultivator that he could exploit at will. Never had he expected that what would come to him would be a terrifying existence surpassing those of ancient ferocious beasts.

…..

At the time, no one knew anything about what was happening in the Third Gate of Heavenly Dao. They could only see that the image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here, which was the Third Gate of Heavenly Dao in the sky at that moment and which was as huge as a mountain rock, was shining brightly.

The light continued changing nonstop, so the image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here looked as if it had come back to life. There were also loud booming sounds coming from within it that were reverberating in the air and spreading in all directions.

Standing in the mid of the endless unconscious members of the Yu Family was Yu Rou, who was looking at the sky with a calm expression. Her lips slowly curled into a faint smile, though it went unnoticed by all.

That smile was very faint. In fact, even if anyone looked closely, it would still be very hard to see it. Only she herself knew just how happy she was during that instant.

'How dare you attempt to snatch the Apostle's body. Progenitor Yu Han, under the light of the Sun God and Moon Goddess… you won't succeed!'

These words echoed in Yu Rou's heart, and they caused that faint smile on her lips just moments ago.

As the third gate in the sky shone with a light that reached one hundred thousand feet wide, the ground beside Yu Rou started trembling violently. As it did so, cracks formed.

These cracks intersected with each other and gradually spread out, turning into huge ravines. As they did so, thirteen intersecting spots were formed around Yu Rou!

Wisps of gray fog erupted forth from those places. As the fog spread out and gathered together, it turned into thirteen figures that were several dozens of feet large.

Within the thirteen balls of fog, thirteen incredibly old men could be vaguely seen sitting cross-legged on the ground. It was as if the fog around them was their protection, or else they would be unable to venture out.

These thirteen old men were the thirteen people from the underground palace. Their faces were filled with excitement at that moment, and all of them had their heads lifted to look at the image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here in the sky. Based on their numerous interactions with the fourth Progenitor throughout the ages, they knew that when the Apostle the Progenitor had been waiting for arrived and they attempted to Possess each other, the image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here would shine with this sort of light.

And there was no way that the Progenitor, who had prepared for tens of thousands of years and could even use the strange power within the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao, would have any chance of failure, unless he chose not to Possess the Apostle. Once he began the process of Possessing, then eventually, the one who would walk out would be the Progenitor.

That was why all of them had walked out of the underground palace; they wanted to be there to welcome the Progenitor when he ventured out. In fact, in the mid of their excitement, they could already imagine that when the Progenitor ventured out, then he, who possessed the treasure that was Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here, had control over the body of the Sun God and Moon Goddess' Apostle, and was skilled in controlling the strange power within the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao, would be able to lead the Yu Family and make their family business incredibly great in Black Ink Planet.

In fact… he could even bring them back to Divine Essence Star Ocean in search for the members of the other branch of the Gate of Dao race. They could restore the Gate of Dao to its former glory. It would no longer be impossible for them to do this.

"The Progenitor will definitely succeed. Before long, he will come out of the image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here!"

"The day the Yu Family will rise into power has finally come!" When the thirteen old men looked at the sky in excitement, Yu Rou stood by the side indifferently. No one saw the hint of derision that shone briefly in her eyes.

During that moment, the light from the third gate in the sky abruptly reached its brightest, looking like the sun in the eyes of anyone who saw it. The light from the gate shone on the ground and even brought with it waves of great, mighty pressure.

A figure appeared within the image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here.

At the instant this figure took shape, the thirteen old men on the ground knelt down in the mid of their excitement.

"We welcome the Progenitor's egression!"

"We welcome the Progenitor's egression!"

Thirteen old voices rang in the air at the same time. The waves of sound formed by their voices were so great that they shook the sky and earth, rising into the sky with loud booms.

Yu Rou's face was also filled with devotion at that moment. As she lowered her head and worshiped the figure, she mumbled under her breath, "Congratulations to the Apostle's egression…"

However, her voice was drowned out by the noise of the thirteen old voices, and no one noticed that what she said at that moment was completely different from the words of everyone else.

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, the span of a dozen something breaths went by. When the figure within the image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here became clearer, the zealous voices from the thirteen old men on the ground became stronger.

"We welcome the Progenitor's egression!"

All the voices in the world seemed to have been drowned out by this sentence at that instant, making it seem as if it would be the only sound that would echo in the world.

The figure within the image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here became increasingly clearer. Nine breaths later, a violent bang forced its way through the waves of sound filled with zealousness. Su Ming… slowly walked out from the endless light coming from the third gate.

He looked as calm as usual, and there was not a hint of change that could be detected on him. When he walked out, his long hair danced in the air, and his robes fluttered, giving him an ethereal air, but the dignified look in his eyes made him seem as if he was a will that surpassed the will of the universe as he stood in the sky, and if he stood on the ground, he would be the God that would surpass all existences on land.

At the instant he walked out, the thirteen old men on the ground let out the strongest and most zealous cry of their lives.

"We welcome… the Progenitor's egression!"

Su Ming looked at the thirteen old men on the ground and at Yu Rou. Then, an incredibly eerie and strange smile that was difficult to grasp appeared on his lips.
