# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 876

Once Su Ming swept his gaze over the thirteen zealous people on the ground, he cast a glance at Yu Rou before he turned his head around and looked at the gigantic image of Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here behind him.

He had devoured Yu Family's Progenitor and obtained some of his memories of the third age. Within those memories were some of the areas of the Divine Essence Star Ocean as well as the reason why he had fused with the Enchanted Vessel all those years ago.

'Within Divine Essence Star Ocean is a place known as the Place Where Spirits Died…'

Su Ming's eyes sparkled. From the memories he obtained from Yu Family's Progenitor, he knew that the man had entered Divine Essence Star Ocean to search for the signs of the Gate of Dao race based on the clues left behind by the previous generations within the Yu Family.

They had spent a long period of time to find traces of the Gate of Dao race during his generation, a lot of it courtesy to Yu Han. When he delved deep into Divine Essence Star Ocean, he discovered the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao and also that the place was a spot where spirits died!

This so called spot where spirits died could be considered an ancient ruin. It was the place where the tribes at the height of their power worshiped the Gods countless years ago, in an age even before the alien races came into existence.

After time passed, even though there were still plenty of alien races within Divine Essence Star Ocean, most of them had branched out from the prosperous tribes and gradually increased in number on their own. Because of this, very few of these alien races had completely inherited their legacy.

As for the tribes that had been at the height of their power in the past, most of them were destroyed due to a disaster that not even Yu Family's Progenitor knew about. Even the Gods they worshiped had either died or fell into deep sleep.

That was the case for the Sun God and Moon Goddess of the Gate of Dao. They were severely injured and sank into deep sleep. The place where their real bodies slept was the region known as… the Place Where Spirits Died in Divine Essence Star Ocean.

Su Ming was certain that these memories were trustworthy because when he devoured the Sun God and Moon Goddess, he could tell clearly that they had not truly died. He had only devoured a part of them, and based on the words they said before they disappeared, Su Ming knew that their real bodies were not in Black Ink Planet.

Based on this judgement, Yu Family's Progenitor discovered that the Place Where Spirits Died was where the Sun God and Moon Goddess slept.

It was also due to the mysteries in that place that Yu Family Progenitor's soul was sucked into the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao for some unknown reason. After that, since his body no longer had any life force supplied to it, it became increasingly weaker and soon started rotting away, like a dead man's.

He dragged his rotting body and the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao back to his family in Black Ink Planet. Since his body continued rotting every single day, by the time he finally arrived, he could no longer persevere. His body disintegrated, and he died.

However, after his body was destroyed, he discovered that he had not died, but was contained within the treasure that was Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here. In fact, he even realized that the Vessel Spirit within the Enchanted Vessel was also deep in sleep, which allowed him to temporarily become the Vessel Spirit.

After tens of thousands of years of examination and puzzling it out, he mastered the strange power within the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao. With this, he secretly affected all the family members who came to challenge the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao to find those who could help him in his plan to escape.

Under his arrangement, some of the incredibly outstanding family members managed to get to the Third Gate of Heavenly Dao, but they had not done so by obtaining the Sun God and Moon Goddess' acknowledgement in the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao. They had only managed to get to the Third Gate of Heavenly Dao with his help.

However, after multiple attempts, Yu Family's Progenitor realized that he could not Possess the members of Yu Family. Because of this, he had guests also challenge the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao. Yet in the end, he discovered that he could Possess neither his family members nor the guests.

It was as if there was something missing within them.

After many years of investigation, he gradually found the reason. They lacked a form of power from the Gods. Only by Possessing those who had this power would he be able to move out of this place.

That was why the subsequent sequence of events had occurred.

Yu Family's Progenitor was incredibly wary of the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao and did not dare to get too close to it. He would only affect it in secret, because that place was the key to him becoming free. After mastering the strange power in the place after being trapped in this place for tens of thousands of years, his heart had become twisted. He wanted to devour the Apostle, because the Apostle had been acknowledged by the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao, and the power of the Gods would surely be contained within him.

The guests who had managed to come to the third gate were all killed by him in the place. In fact, some of the members of the family who did not have zealous faith in him were also killed.

With the cooperation of the handful of family members who ventured out, the information that he was inside was kept secret.

This continued until Yu Rou appeared thousands of years ago. When she arrived at the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao, she had been slightly acknowledged. This brought Yu Family's Progenitor great excitement, and he attempted to Possess her.

However, he failed in that Possession. The power of the Gods within Yu Rou was still too little; it was not enough for Yu Family's Progenitor to succeed. After he failed, he did not kill Yu Rou, but instead kept her around, hoping that she would grow up and become his way out.

All of these were the memories Su Ming obtained from Yu Family's Progenitor. When he turned his head around to look at the third gate, his eyes shone. He was incredibly interested in the Place Where Spirits Died, which belonged to the Gate of Dao race.

He lifted his right hand slowly and pushed it towards the third gate. The elephant's body shuddered, and bright light shone in its eyes. At the same time, the mountain rock shrank under the light and charged over at Su Ming.

When it landed on his palm, it turned into a white mountain rock. It looked like a piece of jade and was incredibly smooth. The white elephant on it looked as if it was alive, and the scale beam was even branded on the rock. It was emitting a gentle light.

The precious treasure!

Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here!

As Su Ming held the treasure in his hand, he sensed the power of Divine Essence within him boiling, as if it wanted to surge into the treasure completely. However, Su Ming could also sense clearly that unless his Ecang clone was here, he would only be able to activate a hint of the power within this treasure with his clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole.

Only his Ecang clone would be able to awaken the Vessel Spirit within the treasure with the vast amount of Divine Essence he possessed, and only then would he be able to have it acknowledge Su Ming as its owner in order to activate part of its might. If he wanted to bring out the full power within the treasure, then his Ecang clone would need to devour another soul or even several of the other souls from the other nine Ecang souls.

"Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here, what a treasure…" Su Ming mumbled.

He flung his right hand outwards, and the mountain rock on his palm disappeared, then with another swing of his arm, he walked towards the ground from midair. Just as he was about to descend, a thought suddenly appeared in his mind, and he turned his head around to look at Dao Avenue Mountain.

The mountain looked like it was made of clouds who were in the shape of a mountain. The black parts around the white mountain rocks formed the head of the malicious spirit. In fact, if someone looked at it for a prolonged period of time, they would have the false impression that the malicious spirit's hair was dancing. When Su Ming looked at the bat that could not escape from the malicious spirit's right hand, he swiftly seized the air in the direction of Dao Avenue Mountain.

The mountain let out a bang and started trembling.

"Come here!"

Su Ming let out a cold harrumph. The veins on his right hand popped up, and at the instant he seized the air forcefully, Dao Avenue Mountain began trembling even more furiously. With a bang, the entire mountain rose from the ground and charged towards Su Ming.

The swift movement reverberated in the air as the mountain closed in on Su Ming in the blink of an eye. At that moment, he lifted his right hand and swung it.

"Become small!"

The mountain shrank swiftly.

"Smaller!"

With another bang, Dao Avenue Mountain shrank once again. However, at the instant it shrank this time, a focused glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes, and he took a step forward to appear before Dao Avenue Mountain, which was now only several hundreds of feet big. When he looked at a certain spot located at the back of the mountain, his eyes sparkled.

He saw that there was a huge crack behind the mountain rock, and there were several holes at the top of the crack, as if they had been left there after something with spikes struck it.

The crack also brought the image of a club with spikes to Su Ming's mind. The damage to the mountain was clearly caused by this sort of weapon.

'This Dao Avenue Mountain is clearly also a treasure. I won't need as much Divine Essence to activate it as I would need for Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here, but it's still considered a large amount to me. Still, it's slightly easier to use compared to Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here…

'But such a grievous injury has been left on this Divine Essence Treasure, and the mark of this crack… seems rather familiar.' Su Ming frowned. After thinking about it carefully, a shudder suddenly ran through his body, and a brilliant light shone in his eyes.

He had seen a type of weapon that could cause this sort of crack before!

"Spiked club…"

Su Ming's breathing quickened slightly. He remembered why it was familiar now. He once had a spiked club that could change its size at will. When it fell against the ground or mountains, the cracks that would show up would be like this.

'I obtained that spiked club at the bottom of the sea, from within the endless layer of ice around the region where Great Yu Imperial Palace was frozen. There was an endless amount of strange looking people frozen in that ice.

'I was wondering about it in the past. Could it be..?'

Su Ming cast a scrutinizing glance at Dao Avenue Mountain. After remaining silent for a moment, he suddenly had even more speculations towards the mysteries of Yin Death Region.

'Yin Death Region… my homeland… the place where I grew up. Only now as I come into contact with the worlds outside, do I realize… that the secrets there are also fathomless.'

Su Ming shook his head. He would definitely return to Yin Death Region, and at that time, he would find all the greatest secrets of Yin Death Region to answer all of his questions.

He pointed towards Dao Avenue Mountain with his right index finger. The mountain shrank once again and turned into an object that looked like a piece of jade on his palm.

At the instant Su Ming touched the mountain, a thought appeared in his mind. He lowered his head and cast a glance at the item in his hand before putting it away while looking as if he was absorbed in his thoughts. Then, he landed on the ground.

At the instant he descended, the thirteen old men in front of him prostrated themselves on the ground, as if kneeling was no longer sufficient to express the respect they had in their hearts, and only by prostrating themselves on the ground would they be able to do so.

"Greetings, Progenitor!"

"Prepare a secret chamber for me, I will isolate myself to meditate for several days!" Su Ming stated flatly. His words sent the thirteen old men into action while they burned with zealous passion. Soon, an incredibly extravagant chamber was prepared for Su Ming.

"When I come out several days later, I will release all of you from the life of being unable to bask under the sun." Su Ming took a step forward and moved into the chamber. As the door fell shut with a loud boom, the thirteen old men prostrated themselves on the ground in respect.

Only Yu Rou's eyes were sparkling. She was an incredibly beautiful woman to begin with, and as her beautiful eyes sparkled, they gave rise to a striking image that could take a person's breath away.

Su Ming immediately sat down cross-legged in the chamber and sucked in a deep breath. He placed his hands on his knees with his palms turned upwards. White light shone on his hands, and the treasure that was Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here as well as Dao Avenue Mountain appeared at the same time.

At the instant Su Ming closed his eyes, his body trembled, and the image of the statues that belonged to the Sun God and the Moon Goddess manifested behind him.

"The power that will exist as long as I believe in it will now belong to me!"

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath, and booming sounds immediately reverberated in the chamber.
