# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 877

On a normal occasion, there would probably be only one type of light.

However, at that moment, light was divided into two types. One of them was the overbearing, strong type of light, and the other was a gentle, weak type of light.

The brilliant light shining from the statues of the Sun God and Moon Goddess illuminated the entire chamber, so each spot in the room was covered in light. The overbearing light did not intersect with the gentle light, but instead divided the room into two halves of a circle with Su Ming at the center.

One side was incredibly domineering, while the other side was as gentle as flowing water.

There were even two types of different colors shining on Su Ming's shut eyes, so his body looked as if it had been segregated at that instant. A line running vertically down the center of his nose separated his body into two different halves, and those two halves were illuminated by a strong ray of light and a dim ray of light respectively.

Su Ming's palms were turned upwards and placed on his knee, with Dao Avenue Mountain lying on this right hand. At that moment, while covered by the light, the treasure gradually gave off a feeling as if it had come to life. As the malicious spirit became increasingly more ferocious, the bat on its hand screeched.

After a moment, the malicious spirit on Dao Avenue Mountain whipped its head around. As its entire body was twisted, Dao Avenue Mountain floated into the air, and it turned into something akin to fog. It surrounded Su Ming, swimming between the strong and weak lights and giving him an incredibly bizarre air.

Su Ming's expression remained calm. He still had his eyes closed. The treasure that was Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here on his left hand let out a booming sound at that moment. As it slowly came apart, it turned into the illusory image of an elephant and a scale before it also swam around Su Ming with the malicious spirit.

"Power that will exist as long as I believe in it, appear!"

Su Ming opened his eyes swiftly, and the bright light in his eyes looked as if it wanted to fuse with the strong and weak light in the chamber, giving off the feeling that a third type of light had appeared in the place.

At the instant he opened his eyes, the malicious spirit that was Dao Avenue swimming around him let out a roar towards the sky. As it roared, it lifted its left hand and seized the scale moving by its side.

When the scale was in its hands, it seemed like the malicious spirit had turned into a person that would balance a scale. At the same time he did so, the elephant turned into a long arc and naturally appeared on the scale pan.

All of this might have seemed to have happened over a long period of time, but in truth, the entire process was completed in the span of a few breaths. The malicious spirit's expression was no longer ferocious, but had instead an awe-inspiring air about it. At that moment, it seized the air and caught the bat to hang it on the scale beam.

At the instant this was done, what appeared before Su Ming was a picture of a malicious spirit weighing an elephant!

The bat was clearly the weight of the scale!

All of this was perfect, so perfect that Su Ming could not find a single flaw in it. It was as if the entire thing was supposed to appear this way.

"The elephant has two forms. One of them is its physical form, and the other is the illusory form on the scale!" an indistinct voice said from the malicious spirit's mouth in the form of a buzzing noise.

"The physical body of the elephant on the scale is like that of the form of the Heavenly Dao, not the power of the Antecedental Spirit. The thought of weighing this elephant is like a fantasy, and it can allow you to weigh… this elephant for the span of three breaths!"

The picture of the malicious spirit weighing the elephant lasted for about the span of three breaths in front of Su Ming before all of it turned into two long arcs that charged into his eyes. The malicious spirit that was Dao Avenue and the bat acting as the weight seeped into Su Ming's left eye before disappearing without a trace, while the elephant and the pan entered his right, and with a flash, they disappeared, too.

A shudder ran through Su Ming's body.

"Believe in me…"

As Su Ming mumbled to himself, a clouded look appeared in his eyes. He could truly sense the power contained within his eyes at that moment, because that power had taken the form of an incredibly loud voice in his mind.

There was a supreme, awe-inspiring might contained in that voice. It sounded like a roar, and it was echoing endlessly in Su Ming's mind. He did not sense any form of danger from it, however. There was no spirit contained in that voice preparing to Possess him either. This was a voice that had existed many years ago and seemed to have been left behind in the passages of time.

That voice could not be heard normally. Only when a person was illuminated by the light from the Sun God and Moon Goddess while coming into possession of the malicious spirit that was Dao Avenue as well as the elephant that represented peace and used Divine Essence to activate them so that the picture of the malicious spirit weighing the elephant would appear would that voice show up.

Perhaps it was more accurate to say that the picture of the malicious spirit weighing the elephant was the core of the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao, and the strange power contained within the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao which Su Ming desired… was the three words in that sentence hidden in the picture of the malicious spirit weighing the elephant!

"Believe in me…" The voice continued echoing in his mind, and he had a feeling as if he was taken by it.

The voice was hidden in that illusory picture, and the picture was concealed by the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao. The voice and the three words were the core and source of the strange power.

"I didn't expect that the power I am obsessed with… would be developed from this one sentence." Dark light shone in Su Ming's eyes. At that moment, he looked incredibly mystifying, and even his mumblings sounded as if they held a vague and insubstantial feeling in them.

"The ancient air contained in that sentence… with just it alone, such great power was gathered together. This is definitely… not something the Sun God and Moon Goddess were capable of doing!

"The Three Gates of Heavenly Dao might have come into being even before the Sun God and Moon Goddess. Perhaps more accurately speaking… this is a treasure left behind by an existence that is even more ancient than the Sun God and Moon Goddess!"

Su Ming's heart beat quickly a few times. There was a dark light in his eyes, and he slowly tried to clench his fists without moving them away from his knees.

"I will need to understand this power. Yu Family's Progenitor managed to understand some of it after groping about blindly, and he was capable of executing this sort of power… I can feel that if I grasp this power completely and absorb the strong and weak rays of light around me back into my body… then I will succeed."

While he was in the process of slowly furling his hands into fists, the light in the chamber began twisting about intensely, as if it had turned into threads, and they were gathering around Su Ming's hands from all directions.

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, one day went by.

During that one day, Su Ming never blinked. The dark light in his eyes became increasingly stronger, while the edges of the chamber had turned black from their previously illuminated state.

If anyone looked over, they would find the chamber to be an incredibly bizarre sight, as if light had been restricted to a particular region and was separated from the darkness around the area. It was as if there was a barrier that had divided them.

Su Ming's face was illuminated in flashes of dim and bright light. An endless amount of red could be seen vaguely in the dark light in his eyes. He might have looked calm on the outside, but there was a storm raging in the depths of his heart. That voice still lingered around and echoed in his mind time and again, each sentence roaring in his head.

In the beginning, that voice would only in a long while, but now, it seemed to have connected together with Su Ming's mind and continued echoing endlessly.

"Believe in me… Believe in me… Believe in me…"

There was no intonation within that ancient voice, and it had already replaced all of Su Ming's thought processes as well as his consciousness. It was as if his body was empty at that moment, and only that voice was continuously spreading out through him

All of this might seem dangerous, but in truth, Su Ming knew that the danger posed by this was not high. He had never let down his guard either. This was an attempt to gain an epiphany from a voice left behind from ancient times.

If he succeeded, he would be able to obtain the power contained in the words, and if he failed, he would only fail, that was all.

Another day went by, which meant that Su Ming had already sat in the chamber for two full days. There were countless echoes of that voice in his head by that point, and they were slowly showing signs of gathering once again instead of spreading outwards.

When the third day passed, the voices in Su Ming's head finally completed the process of merging into one instead of spreading out, and they turned into one sentence once again.

"Believe in me…"

This sentence seemed different compared to all the other sentences he had heard previously. He might not have been able to tell the difference, but at the instant the voice reverberated in his mind, a loud bang rang out in his head.

In the mid of this loud bang, his consciousness was warped, as if his soul had been forcefully dragged to a strange world by that one sentence.

That place was a broken piece of sky, which was dark blue and swiftly crumbling. Loud, booming sounds echoed in the universe. He could see pillars of light shooting through the galaxy to reach this place, bringing piercing whistles in their wake. Wherever they went, space would shatter, and the sky would break down.

When these pillars of light landed on the ground, ring-shaped waves of impact were instantly formed, and as they swept outwards, layers upon layers of the ground were destroyed.

It was as if this was the apocalypse, and the world was being destroyed at the moment.

"Believe in me…"

At that moment, a tremendous voice suddenly came from the ground. Su Ming looked over, and he instantly saw a person standing on a mountain situated on the crumbling ground that was rising and falling like waves!

It was a young man dressed in a blue robe, with a head full of white hair. He had average looks, and looked so ordinary that there was nothing outstanding about him. However, there was a thick ancient air about him.

It was as if he had experienced far too many things in his life, which resulted in him possessing a shocking presence that could not be described with words but would cause all people to be unable to forget it the moment they saw it.

With hands placed behind his back, he stood at the top of the mountain. Grief was in his eyes. His robes fluttered and white hair danced to the wind. He seemed to be looking at the sky as his voice echoed in the air.

"Believe in me…"

Su Ming's heart trembled. He looked at the man and saw numerous living creatures kneeling down on the crumbling ground before him. These living creatures were trembling, clearly afraid of the world collapsing around them, but none of them got up to escape.

They looked at the man with white hair as if his words were a form of conviction and deserved utmost respect.

"Someone once told me that those who believe in me will find that I will not die even if the world dies. Even if the world is destroyed, I will not be destroyed… Today, I will tell all of you this…

"Believe in me…"

Su Ming's heart trembled. Everything before his eyes shattered abruptly and turned into countless shards. As these shards danced about, they slowly disappeared before him.

Su Ming "opened" his eyes. But perhaps it would be more accurate to say that his physical eyes had been open since the start, so the eyes he opened this time were the eyes of his soul.

He was still in the chamber, and everything was dark around him… But in his left hand was a sun shining with a strong, overbearing light. In his right hand was a moon shining with a weak, gentle light. All the light in the chamber was gathered by the two of them.

"I understand now."

An ancient air appeared about Su Ming's face. If anyone took a closer look, they would find that the ancient air about him… was rather similar to the one about the man in blue.
