# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 884

Su Ming stood by the illusory wall in his room. He only needed to take one step to move out of the room and enter the big hall in the auction hall. Yu Rou had walked out of it like that previously.

He looked at the storm in the hall, looked at Yu Rou placing the bids, listened to the lackadaisical voice teasing her, and even saw the two figures that flew out from the man's voice.

All of this was only because of one single sentence he had uttered just now.

"I want that statue."

Chaos might have risen in the auction hall, but Su Ming continued standing in the room and watching everything outside.

The two figures closed in on Yu Rou in the auction hall. A vast amount of power erupted with a bang from their bodies. It was a power that belonged to those in the middle stage of World Plane Realm, and they were closing in on Yu Rou like two crazed dragons tearing apart space.

Judging by their presence, it seemed that capturing Yu Rou alive was an incredibly easy matter for them. After all, in their perception, Yu Rou was only in the initial stage of World Plane Realm.

Yu Chen Hai's expression changed as he stood beside Su Ming. He wanted to help, but when he saw that there was not a single hint of change on Su Ming's face, he hesitated for a moment before he gritted his teeth and rushed out of the wall.

Yu Chen Hai had quite a large number of people who were close to him in Black Ink Planet due to his status in the Yu Family and due to him having a friendly personality. As he appeared, some people in the crowd in the area immediately recognized him.

"It's Yu Chen Hai."

"So she's a member of the Yu Family. This will be interesting. That's quite a pretty girl, so she must definitely be Yu Chen Hai's maidservant, but aren't they being stupid? How could they provoke someone from the Tai Ci Family?"

"The difference between a middle-tier family and one of the greatest families in Black Ink Planet is like heaven and earth. Yu Chen Hai should not have appeared. Ha… lust clouds judgment. This saying is true indeed."

Boom!

A loud bang immediately reverberated in Lie Shan Family's auction hall before turning into an endless amount of echoes that continuously shook the auction hall, turning those who heard deaf for a moment. In the mid of those echoes, the people in the area quickly dispersed. In the process, they discovered to their shock that the two cultivators who had rushed towards Yu Rou had coughed up blood at the same time due to some unknown reason. They fell back swiftly and crashed straight into a wall by the side. They had blood pouring out from their eyes, nose, ears, and mouth, and they looked incredibly pathetic. Their expressions were also filled with fear and disbelief.

In fact, even Yu Chen Hai, who had wanted to help, went wide-eyed in disbelief in midair. He saw Yu Rou standing elegantly on the platform and slowly putting down her hand, which she had lifted previously.

She had clearly just lifted her arm and swung it, but this alone had caused the two cultivators in the middle stage of World Plane Realm cough up blood and fall backwards with severe injuries.

A ripple of power that belonged to those in the later stage of World Plane Realm faintly spread out from her body, turning into a mighty pressure. Under this pressure, the people around found their breathing coming to a halt, and it was especially so for the two cultivators from the Tai Ci Family. Their bodies were fixed on the wall under that pressure; they could not free themselves from it.

Silence instantly fell upon the area. This scene surpassed all their expectations.

Yu Rou lifted her head and looked calmly towards the illusory wall of the room where Su Ming was. He met her gaze behind that wall.

"Kill them," he said flatly. His voice came through the wall and echoed in the auction hall.

Only at that instant did the thousands of cultivators in the auction realized that Yu Chen Hai was not the person-in-charge and neither was he the master of that beautiful woman. The young master the woman had spoken of… was the person who spoke just then!

At the instant Su Ming said those words, Yu Rou hesitated for a moment, but she immediately forced down her doubts and lifted her right hand to point at the two cultivators. At that moment, a low roar came from the room that belonged to the Tai Ci Family.

"How dare you kill Tai Ci Family's guards in Black Water City?!"

Along with the voice came an old man that looked like a fierce tiger. He moved out of the room that belonged to Tai Ci Family with a single step, and once he appeared, he lifted his right foot and stomped on the air.

With a bang, the two cultivators who were fixed to the wall immediately shuddered. Once their freedom was restored, they charged towards the old man with pale faces.

"Tai Ci Family's guest, Yun Long Hu!"

"It's him, Yun Long Hu, cultivator at the later stage of World Plane Realm!"

Someone from among the cultivators in the area immediately recognized the old man. However, all of this were happening at lightning speed. Right at the instant the two Tai Ci Family cultivators who had been freed from being fixed to the wall took a step forward, a dark light in the shape of a crescent moon instantly shone by their side. They could only see a figure that was caught somewhere in between the state of possessing corporeal form and being an illusion passing by their bodies, and two shrill screams of pain instantly reverberated in the area.

Amid those screams, the two people's heads were separated from their bodies. Their souls and their Nascent Divinities were crushed, and their forms as well as their spirits were destroyed.

The expression of the old man from Tai Ci Family changed. As his pupils shrank, a blurry figure appeared in midair just beyond the room that belonged to Su Ming. That figure was bald and had a black cloak covering his body. A ferocious totem shone on his scalp. This person was… the Duke of Crimson Flame!

This was the first time the Duke of Crimson Flame executed his full power before Su Ming. He did not want to use this sort of power too often, and in fact, when Su Ming had ran into danger in the past, he only took him and shifted into another area. He did not attack.

However, once Su Ming obtained his Ecang clone, the Duke of Crimson Flame had truly acknowledged him, and his opinion about him changed as well.

"If my master says they must die, then they must die," the Duke of Crimson Flame said in a fierce and brutal tone. His voice was hoarse, and there was a bloodthirsty, murderous air to his words, showing off his attitude of a powerful warrior in a domineering manner.

The old guest from Tai Ci Family, Yun Long Hu, let out a cold harrumph with a dark expression on his face. This was Black Water City, and Tai Ci Family was in complete control of the place. No matter how many powerful warriors there were, he was not afraid.

In fact, that lackadaisical voice from the room behind him spoke up once again in a leisurely manner.

"How very exciting. Since when did the Yu Family become so bold?"

As the person spoke, four people walked out of the room. The person in the lead was a young man dressed in Hanfu. He held a fan in his hand, and once he strode out of his room, a chilling look shone in his eyes, but when he looked towards Yu Rou, it turned into lust.

The three old men behind him had apathetic expressions on their faces. Their eyes were shut tight, as if they were puppets.

When the young man spoke, he shifted his gaze away from Yu Rou and looked towards the wall of Su Ming's room. He could not see the other, but Su Ming could see him.

"You killed the guards of Tai Ci Family, Yu Family. You will answer for this. Three days later, I want your auction hall." The young man smiled faintly and tapped the fan on his left hand, then turned around as if he wanted to leave.

Su Ming cast a glance at the young man turning away to leave behind the illusory wall, and a faint smile suddenly appeared on his face.

'Lie Shan Family, since you brought out a statue of the God of Berserkers to test me, then I will test all of you… on whether you still have the Berserkers in your heart!'

"Kill these people." His voice was incredibly indifferent. However, once it came through the wall, loud booming sounds rose in the hearts of all those who heard it.

Even the young man turned around swiftly, and a powerful, chilly look appeared in his eyes.

The three old men who had their eyes closed behind him opened their eyes at the same time. At that moment, the first to move was the Duke of Crimson Flame. As he laughed ferociously, he moved forward.

Yu Rou immediately followed. Her expression remained elegant; however, she did frown slightly. Yet even though she did that, she moved her body and charged towards the young man.

Killing intent filled the young man's eyes, but he moved swiftly backwards. Yun Long Hu let out a low growl by his side and charged towards the incoming Duke of Crimson Flame. As for the three old men who opened their eyes, one of them blocked off Yu Rou's path, and one of them closed in on Yu Chen Hai, who was shocked by how the events had unfolded. The remaining person… moved and charged towards the wall of the room in which Su Ming stayed, rushing straight in.

Loud voices rose in the area. The auction today had come to a complete halt by then. The fight between the Yu Family and Tai Ci Family had become the most important thing at that moment.

The cultivators retreated swiftly, not wanting to be involved in this. In fact, some of them had even swiftly decided to leave the auction hall, but when they were withdrawing, they discovered that the exits that been sealed off by a screen of light; they could not leave.

In fact, some of the more intelligent ones had long since noticed that even though such a thing had happened in the auction hall, not a single member of the Lie Shan Family had appeared. Even the host had vanished, and Guru Song Qing was nowhere to be found as well.

This was an incredibly strange matter. After all, usually, once a battle of Arts happened in an auction hall, the family that owned that particular place would immediately appear to stop the fight and talk things over with both parties in order to resolve the matter.

As the people in the area were shocked, the booming sounds grew so loud that even the auction hall started trembling because of it. The old man that had rushed into Su Ming's room beforehand tumbled out of the wall. As blood poured out from his body, it was swiftly crushed right before everyone's eyes. Fear appeared on his face as he stared fixedly at a person who walked out of the wall at that moment.

He had long gray hair, long white robes, and a calm expression. With an indescribable mighty pressure surrounding him, he walked out of the wall, and he… was naturally Su Ming!

There were two large dogs by his side. One of them was yellow, and the other black. The big yellow dog was baring its teeth and growling. As for the big black dog by the side, once it noticed the yellow dog's actions, it imitated them and also started baring its teeth and growling, putting up an appearance that screamed 'I-am-very-fierce-and-seriously-very-powerful'.

Su Ming walked languidly. His appearance immediately caused almost everyone in the area to train their eyes on him. He did not look at the young man and neither did he look at anyone else. Instead, he lifted his head and looked at the area above the auction hall with a faint smile on his lips.

His smile appeared on the illusory screen of light for the dozen something members of the Lie Shan Family to see. They looked at him, and even had the feeling that he was also looking at them.

Elder Feng looked at Su Ming on the screen of light and slowly furrowed his brows. A look of uncertainty flashed in his eyes.

"I want to see Lie Shan Xiu," Su Ming said through the screen of light, his voice echoing in the ears of Lie Shan Family.
