# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 887

Su Ming's words immediately caused all the cultivators in the auction hall to sport changes in their expressions, especially the young man and old guest from Tai Ci Family. Both of them had expressions of disbelief.

They believed that Su Ming was a member of the Yu Family, then this bow was equivalent to Yu Family forming an alliance with Lie Shan Family. Even though with Tai Ci Family's size they did not need to care about two middle-tier families forming an alliance… the both of them were still in Lie Shan Family's auction hall!

"So this fellow Daoist is an acquaintance of the Lie Shan Family? This is a misunderstanding… a misunderstanding…" Yun Long Hu immediately let out a fake cough and laughed before he wrapped his fist in his palm towards Su Ming.

"This is Tai Ci Family's mistake. I hope that Yu Family and Lie Shan Family won't mind… I…" Yun Long Hu had reacted to this situation incredibly quickly and immediately began to lighten up the situation while putting himself at a low position. In his mind, the Lie Shan Family should not try to kill them. After all… it was not worth it.

Yet before he could even finish speaking, Elder Feng frowned while standing in front of Su Ming.

"Too noisy!" he said in a chilling voice, and it instantly turned into thunderous roars. As they reverberated in the auction hall, the sound shook Yun Long Hu's heart and caused it to tremble. His eyes, nose, ears, and mouth started bleeding as he staggered a few steps backwards. In an instant, his face turned stark pale.

The young man beside him also had a terrified expression, and he shuddered even more violently. He was frightened now. Since the time he was born, this could be said to be the first time he was truly terrified, and he was suddenly incredibly regretful of his actions, but it was already too late. He did not know what was the goal of the Lie Shan Family for making him stay in this place, but he could still not believe that Lie Shan Family wanted to wage war against Tai Ci Family.

"'Master who taught me my craft'... In the wide world and in this boundless galaxy, there is only one person who can call me thus. Perhaps this person is you, and perhaps… it is not you." There was still a smile on Elder Feng's face, but there was a hint of uncertainty hidden deep in his eyes, and it was the reason why he wasn't completely certain of Su Ming's identity.

This was something that should be nearly impossible, because if Su Ming was the scion that the projection he left in the land of Berserkers found, then the connection he would form with Su Ming at that moment would definitely be complete. However… while there was a connection between him and Su Ming, there was also a mighty pressure within it that made even his Qi show faint signs of boiling.

This made a speculation rise in Elder Feng's mind.

"You will know if you test me."

Su Ming wrapped his fist in his palm once again and bowed towards Elder Feng. Once he did so, he straightened his back and lifted his right hand slowly with his fingers pointed upwards, as if he was holding something.

Elder Feng's eyes lit up and as his smile turned even more affable. He too lifted his right hand, making a series of actions that were the exact same as Su Ming's.

This scene immediately attracted the gazes of all those around them, especially those of the Lie Shan Family. They were staring at the scene intently. When they saw that Su Ming and Elder Feng were making the exact same movements as if they came out from the same mould, most of them immediately remembered the words Elder Feng had once spoke regarding his disciple.

"Sun Genesis!"

Su Ming lifted his head and had his right hand seize the air above him in one quick motion. Endless gusts of violent wind instantly appeared out of nowhere in the auction hall. Those gusts rapidly gathered around Su Ming's right hand while howling. When the people below looked over, it seemed as if his right hand had turned into an eye of a typhoon. Violent wind spun swiftly around his hand, and a vast amount of power spread out from it.

"Sun Genesis." As Elder Feng smiled, he said the two words as well and swung his right hand casually. A cyclone that was the same as the eye of a typhoon Su Ming held in his right hand appeared around Elder Feng's right hand.

The two of them took a step forward at the same time and instantly closed in on each other.

Bang!

The loud explosion instantly reverberated in all directions. This was the clash between the two cyclones formed by two people executing Sun Genesis at the same time, a match between the previous Wind Berserker and the current Wind Berserker for them to learn from each other… and a test from the person who passed down the legacy to the person who received the legacy!

Amid the booming sounds, Su Ming retreated several hundreds of steps back. A bright light shone in his eyes as he looked at Elder Feng before and lifted his right hand while hundreds of feet away. Then, he hurled a punch at the space above the auction hall. At the instant he did so, he swiftly rushed upwards.

Even though he was rushing upwards, Su Ming did not travel in a straight line, but started moving in circles. In the blink of an eye, he had already moved in so many circles that others could no longer count the number he'd made. What was more, as he moved in circles, violent gusts roared furiously, then while they gathered around him, they started going around in circles in the direction Su Ming was moving.

At the same time, a hot wave of air spread out each time Su Ming completed a circle, and it would be dragged into the whirlwind before spreading out. Yet soon, a large amount of freezing air emerged from the spot above Su Ming, right where he had hurled his fist upward just then. This freezing air met with the hot air from below, and with the rotating wind acting as the center, one of the gusts of air rose upwards, while the other moved downwards. As they crashed into each other, the wind howled, and at the same time, Su Ming spoke.

"Lunar… Burial!"

Elder Feng laughed heartily, revealing joy that came from the depths of his heart. He lifted his left hand and swung it casually above his head, and at the spot above where his left hand was, freezing wind spread out. He swung his right hand downwards at the same time, and hot air instantly spread out from his right hand. Once he had both his hands meet, hot and cold air intersected with each other… and wind appeared!

"Your Lunar Burial is still not up to standard. You've only mastered its very basics and have not understood its essence. Looks like you haven't trained seriously." Elder Feng clasped his hands together, and wind stirred with a loud howl.

"Look closely. This is… the true Lunar Burial!" Elder Feng abruptly separated his hands from each other, and as he did so, a ball of wind that was rotating swiftly emerged between his hands.

As he pushed it forward, that ball of wind immediately charged towards Su Ming and instantly crashed into the windstorm formed by his Lunar Burial.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Three consecutive bangs shook the entire auction hall. Su Ming was also pushed a hundred something feet backward each time a bang rang in the air. The wind around him formed from his Lunar Burial completely dissipated, and once the ball of wind Elder Feng pushed forward completely destroyed all the wind around Su Ming, it closed in on him, but by the looks of it, it did not seem to want to harm him. Instead, when it eventually touched the center of Su Ming's brows, it dissipated on its own. This was clearly a slight punishment from Elder Feng towards Su Ming, because he was a little displeased with the three styles of his Wind Separation Art.

Just like how a member of the older generation would punish a member of the younger generation slightly when they were not training seriously.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He was the Wind Berserker, but his other identity was the fourth God of Berserkers, and another was the Ecang clone which existed between heaven and earth in the universe, and he was even a direct descendant of the Abyss Builders.

Besides his identity as the Wind Berserker, all of his other identities would not allow Su Ming to have that ball of wind touch the spot between his brows, which was why as his eyes sparkled, Su Ming did not move back. Instead, at the instant the ball of wind closed in on him, the sun, moon, and stars suddenly appeared in his eyes, along with a large amount of Divine Essence Runic Symbols. As they fused together, they activated the strange power from the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao Su Ming had merged into his Illusion of Stars, Sun, and Moon.

"Under normal circumstances, I would not be able to execute Wind Separation, but with the help of my divine abilities, I can execute… another Art that is similar to Wind Separation!" At the same time Su Ming calmly said these words, the sun and moon in his eyes lit up with a brilliant light.

A bang surged into the sky from where Su Ming was. As the brilliant light from the sun and moon shone, and stars appeared under his feet, all the thousands of people in the auction hall heard loud booms in their hearts. Their vision instantly became blurry, as if the world had turned upside down on them, and all of them felt as if they had been forced into some sort of dimension.

The worlds they saw were different for each one of them. Those worlds were based on the memories they did not want to recall the most. Yet all the people couldn't help themselves but get immersed.

"Illusion of Stars, Sun, and Moon: Wind Separation," Su Ming said softly. At that instant, the ball of wind in front of him came to an abrupt halt, stopping only a few inches away from him, but those few inches seemed to turn into a huge ravine separating two sides of the world, and the wind could not cross over that ravine.

The true Wind Separation was to make an entire galaxy in the universe where he was to be void of wind with just one thought… because he was the one who would give rise to wind.

As he had full control over one World.

Su Ming could not do this, but with the Illusion of Stars, Sun, and Moon working together with the strange power from the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao, he could create an illusory world. That illusory world was naturally an illusion, and in that illusion… he could make it so that there was no wind in it.

If it was just this, it would still be just an illusion and everything would still be fake. However, the power contained in the Three Gates of Heavenly Dao was something Su Ming could not fully comprehend and master up to this date. It was… a strange power that could turn illusions into reality, could turn fantasy into something real.

Because of that, Su Ming's illusion was no longer a complete illusion, but had a hint of reality contained within itself.

And the main determiner that would decide whether this illusion was true or false was not Su Ming, but the thousands of people in the illusion. As long as most of the people in here believed that the illusion was real… then it would be real!

All of this might sound abstruse and mysterious, but in truth, even Su Ming himself was still trying to understand this Art, and it could be said that this was the first time he truly executed it.

Su Ming could not use this Art for a long period of time. He had no idea whether this was just a coincidence, but just like the three breaths the malicious spirit that weighed the elephant had mentioned, Su Ming could only execute this Art for three breaths.

The span of three breaths ended within an instant. The worlds before everyone's eyes shattered, and when everything returned to normal, most of the people had dazed expressions on their faces. Only Elder Feng's eyes sparkled brilliantly. He was looking at Su Ming, the ball of wind in front of him having already vanished.

"I've witnessed another form of Wind Separation. You… are good. You are very good. The path of Dao is not constant, and there are plenty of changes that will happen. I cannot say that only my epiphany is right, because the one that suits a person the most is the most accurate path for them to follow.

"This Wind Separation that you've modified is very good!" A smile gradually appeared on Elder Feng's face. That smile was filled with happiness which was incredibly strong, the kind he had not felt for tens of thousands of years.

As Elder Feng smiled, he shook his head, and his expression abruptly became serious. He even took a few steps backwards before he looked at Su Ming with rapt attention. Then, he slowly wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed deeply towards him.

"I, the Wind Berserker of Berserkers, greet… the God of Berserkers! Sir, may I know which generation you belong to?"
