# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 888

As Elder Feng's expression became solemn and he wrapped his fist in his palm before bowing towards Su Ming, the cultivators who had snapped out of their daze were immediately dumbfounded when they heard that sentence.

Berserkers, Wind Berserker, God of Berserkers—they did not know the meaning behind these three words, but from Elder Feng's solemn expression, they could tell that this was clearly a secret that an average cultivator wasn't privileged to hear.

Yet now… they heard, and all those with a slightly more intelligent mind could immediately tell what sort of outcome those who heard things they should not hear would face!

In fact, there were even some cultivators who had began withdrawing slowly, but with the Protection Rune the Lie Shan Family set up in the auction… they could not leave.

Elder Feng bow towards Su Ming caused all the members of the Lie Shan Family in the area to have changes in their expressions. They were of the Lie Shan Family, and it was only natural for them to know what sort of cultivation method they practiced. They also understood the origins of their family. However, they had a seal in their blood, because of which outsiders were unable to learn anything about them no matter what sort of Soulseeking methods they deployed.

This secret was also the foundation of Lie Shan Family's rules. Over the course of numerous years, there had been people who slipped, but all these slips would be discreetly solved in the end. All those who needed to be killed were killed, and all those who needed to be destroyed were destroyed, because of which the Lie Shan Family was only a middle-tier family to others over the years.

After Elder Feng bowed to Su Ming, the members of the Lie Shan Family looked at each other. Lie Shan Kang Jiu's heart trembled. He suddenly understood why he had lost his composure when he was previously before Su Ming. He sucked in a deep breath, and became the first person among the members of the Lie Shan Family to wrap his fist in his palm before bowing to Su Ming.

"I, Lie Shan Kang Jiu, greet the God of Berserkers!"

"Greetings, God of Berserkers!"

"We greet the God of Berserkers!"

These words traveled out continuously from the mouths of the members of the Lie Shan Family. Their voices rose and fell, reverberating in the auction hall.

The smile had also disappeared from Su Ming's face at that moment and a dignified expression came to his face. He stood in midair and looked at Elder Feng calmly. At that moment, he was no longer a Wind Berserker… but the awe-inspiring fourth God of Berserkers!

"Elder Feng, please rise. I am the fourth God of Berserkers," Su Ming said softly.

When Elder Feng heard this, he lifted his head and looked at Su Ming. There was a kindly look in his sparkling eyes, along with a deep affection. Ever since he had discovered that Su Ming was his scion, he had acknowledged him and knew that he would be his only disciple who would inherit his legacy.

It was especially so when he found the reason as to why he had felt uncertain about Su Ming previously. That reason had come from the land of Berserkers acknowledging Su Ming, from the will of the Berserkers' galaxy gathering upon Su Ming, and from numerous Berserkers placing the hopes in their hearts towards this God of Berserkers. At that moment, his affection for Su Ming turned into a sense of pride.

"It has already reached the fourth… It has been so many years since I left with the Lord." Elder Feng shook his head. There was a sentimental look on his face, along with nostalgia.

When he shook his head, he lifted his right hand and swung it sideways.

"Lie Shan Family, heed my orders. Activate the Rune and kill all those who participated in the auction." When Elder Feng said these words, a ghastly presence instantly filled the hall, and the thousands of cultivators in the auction hall all showed drastic changes in their expressions.

"You…"

"I'm willing to swear an oath that I absolutely won't reveal what happened today, you…"

"You're just the Lie Shan Family, just a middle-tier family! There are thousands of us here, how're you going to kill us?!"

A ruckus instantly rose and reverberated in the air, but soon, that noise turned into shrill screams of pain. The light from the Rune in the auction hall stretched out endlessly. As booming sounds echoed in the hall, the members of the Lie Shan Family started slaughtering all the people in the area.

However, there were not many people in the Lie Shan Family. Logically speaking, they would indeed be unable to kill these thousands of people… but once the Rune was activated, several thousands of presences descended swiftly. These thousands of presences turned into thousands of men, and Berserker Marks spread out through their bodies. Their eyes were dull, but there was a vast amount of Qi erupting from within them.

For a short period of time, an endless amount of screams rang in the air within the auction hall. A moment later, once the voices disappeared, all the thousands of cultivators were dead. Blood dyed almost every spot in the auction hall red.

This slaughter came so abruptly that the old guest and the young man from Tai Ci Family were completely stunned.

"God of Berserkers, how should we deal with the two people from Tai Ci Family?" Elder Feng looked at Su Ming.

"This area belongs to the Lie Shan Family. Elder Feng, you can handle it." Su Ming's expression remained as calm as usual, but he was shocked by the slaughter just then. Elder Feng's casual attitude to this and the blood soaked auction hall formed a stark contrast against each other.

"All those who offend the God of Berserkers must be executed!" Elder Feng turned around, and for the first time, trained his eyes on the old guest and the young man from Tai Ci Family.

Yun Long Hu's expression turned pale, and at that moment, he grabbed the young man, intending to retreat.

However, just when he started moving, Elder Feng lifted his hand and swung it gently forward.

"Lie Shan Family, how dare you?!"

"If you kill me, Lie Shan Family will die with us! I have my family's Life Jade with me, and the moment I die, the family will immediately know that I ran into an accident in Lie Shan Family's auction hall!" the young man shouted shrilly.

However, the moment he finished speaking, his voice turned into the noise of him coughing up blood. With the one swing of the arm, endless wind appeared around him. As it moved about with loud whistling sounds, the young man lost his flesh and blood and was reduced to bones. In an instant, he was crushed.

As for the old guest from Tai Ci Family, during that life-threatening crisis, all his power erupted from his body. A huge green log surrounded his body and resisted the wind around it.

However, it only managed to resist the wind for a few breaths. Elder Feng let out a cold harrumph, and the nine green logs shattered together. The old man's body was torn to pieces as he let out a roar that screamed he could not accept his fate.

This scene caused the Duke of Crimson Flame's eyes to shrink.

Yu Rou also looked at the scene with a look of rapt concentration but remained silent and did not say a word.

As for the Abyss Dragon and the bald crane, one of them was nervous while the other had a lackadaisical expression that said it was completely unconcerned.

Su Ming remained silent for a moment before he looked towards Elder Feng. "Will killing all the members of the Tai Ci Family affect Lie Shan Family?"

"Fourth God of Berserkers, you have just arrived in Black Ink Planet, and there are plenty of things you do not know about. It is fine, let us see the true strength of the current Lie Shan Family."

Elder Feng smiled faintly, then lifted his right arm before swinging it forward. Booming sounds immediately rose in the area, and at that moment, a large illusory screen of light appeared and floated in the air in front of them.

As that screen of light distorted and shone, it gradually became clear. A map of the aerial view that belonged to the entire Black Water City took shape. A gigantic swamp could be seen along with numerous buildings as well as Lie Shan Family's auction hall among them.

The auction hall was incredibly quiet at that moment. The bodies of the thousands of men became blue and gradually disappeared. As for the members of the Lie Shan Family, they began clearing up, occasionally lifting their heads to look at Su Ming and Elder Feng. All of them were silent, and as they cleared up the place, the stench of blood slowly faded away.

Su Ming looked at the screen of light calmly. He was very curious towards Lie Shan Family's strength. With his own power, the first God of Berserkers had been able to rise to power and even create the Berserkers' Dynasty. Now, this sort of person had been in Black Ink Planet for tens of thousands of years. If he had only been able to create a mere middle-tier family, Su Ming would be slightly disappointed.

However, based on Elder Feng's actions and words, it seemed like the Lie Shan Family was completely unconcerned about the Tai Ci Family. In fact… they were not bothered by any of the families on Black Ink Planet.

After looking at the screen of light for a moment, Su Ming suddenly discovered that the entire Black Water City seemed to have fallen into abrupt silence. The cultivators on the stone bridges all lifted their heads.

In this silence, Su Ming heard bell tolls echoing from the great building at the center of Black Water City.

As the bell tolls rang loudly, the sky distorted, and shadows of people manifested in those distortions. The weather changed, and as wind swept up in all directions, a gigantic pressure descended on Black Water City with a loud bang.

Soon after, as more people appeared in the sky, a big hall of several hundreds of thousands of feet appeared in the clouds. It slowly descended, revealing a couple words carved clearly in on the side. They read: Hall of Great Kindness [1]!

"This is the order of the Tai Ci Family. Kill all members of the Lie Shan Family in Black Water City, and from now on, the Lie Shan Family… will disappear from Black Ink Planet!"

An awe-inspiring voice came with a thunderous roar from the Hall of Great Kindness. As that voice reverberated in the air, hundreds of people appeared in the sky. They charged forward, rushing straight to Lie Shan Family's auction hall.

"Black Water City is controlled by a branch of the Shamans who descended in this place from the world outside and later named themselves the Tai Ci Family. Ink Kirin City belongs to Divine Essence Star Ocean's Mo Family, and Worldly Star City was built by the Hua Family, who rose to power due to the help from the four Great True Worlds.

"They are the three greatest families in Black Ink Planet… but Black Ink Planet belongs to us." Elder Feng's voice was calm, but there was a formless, domineering presence contained within his voice, and as he spoke, that presence spread out without any attempt to conceal anything.

As Elder Feng spoke and Su Ming saw the entire Black Water City on the screen of light, the ground trembled violently for a moment, and soon after, the stone bridges started twisting about. Loud roars rose into the air, and Su Ming's breathing froze for a moment, because the numerous stone bridges had turned into stone dragons!

They roared together, and the world trembled. They then rushed into the sky simultaneously.

"Tai Ci Family has been in Black Water City for a very long time. It's about time for the three greatest families to be replaced. Yu Family is quite good; they can take Tai Ci Family's place and become the new greatest family around here," Elder Feng said flatly.

As he spoke, the picture in the screen of light changed once again. Right before their eyes, the endless stone dragons flew up while all the roofs within Black Water City started shining with a dark light at that instant. In the mid of this, it looked like the roofs had been disassembled, and complicated Runes appeared on the now roofless buildings.

The entire Black Water City was occupied by these densely packed Runes!

Pillars of light rose from the Runes with a loud bang, and explosions continuously rang in the air, charging towards the Hall of Great Kindness in the sky!

There were ten thousand pillars of light, ten thousand stone dragons—everything in Black Water City had changed!

Translator's Notes:

1. Great Kindness: Is the translation for Tai Ci, 太 (tai4) is great, very, extreme, and 慈 (ci2) is kindness, respect.
