# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 889

Su Ming looked at everything happening in the screen of light. The Duke of Crimson Flame's eyes had already widened in shock by then, and he was pointing at the Runes on all the buildings.

"This is… the fifth True World's Great Bright Light Rune! It's one of the defensive measures within the fifth True World!" His heart trembled. Even to those in the fifth True World, the Great Bright Light Rune was a great mystery. Besides the race who built this Rune, it was difficult for anyone else to understand it.

When the four Great True Worlds had fought against the fifth True World, the latter had used all the planets within its galaxy to build an endless amount of Runes like these. Every single time it was activated, the True Worlds would tremble. The destructive power of that Rune was difficult to describe with words. If anyone managed to survived after seeing it with their own eyes, they would find it a very difficult sight to forget.

"Fellow Daoist, you are a well-learned man. That's right, this is the fifth True World's Great Bright Light Rune," Elder Feng said with a smile after he cast the Duke of Crimson Flame a look, his eyes narrowed. However, once he finished saying these words, he changed the topic and said a sentence that caused the Duke of Crimson Flame's pupils to shrink.

"As expected of the Duke of Crimson Flame, the general of the seventh army in the fifth True World stationed in the eighth southeast region of the galaxy. It's not really that surprising that for you to recognize the Great Bright Light Rune."

The Duke of Crimson Flame's expression changed, but Su Ming remained as calm as usual and only turned his head slightly to look at Elder Feng.

"Fourth God of Berserkers, I know about your heroic deeds in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence and everything that led you into Western Ring Nebula's foreign land, but I did not know that you were the Fourth God of Berserkers at that time. Now that I thought about it, I was able to connect all of the past events together." Elder Feng gave them a well-intentioned smile as he looked at them

"All the stone dragons formed by the stone bridges in Black Water City are created by the divine abilities of the Meteoric Golems in Divine Essence Star Ocean. Spirits will only be born in the stones blessed by their high priest over the course of time, and only then will they be able to absorb the power of the world to grow.

"Judging by the ripples of power on each of the stone dragons, they should have been around here for tens of thousands of years, and when we connect this to the time when Black Water City was built, it'll become clear that when Tai Ci Family built Black Water City, Lie Shan Family had a hand in the construction as well," Yu Rou said elegantly by Su Ming's side.

"Progenitor Yu Rou, the only person who managed to clear the Second Gate of Heavenly Dao thousands of years ago. I've heard for years that you are a very intelligent and perceptive person. You obtained the Moon Goddess' power and became her Apostle, and you know plenty of the secrets within Divine Essence Star Ocean. Looks like it wasn't exaggerated." Elder Feng smiled faintly. The profound look in his eyes made it seem that there were few secrets he did not know about in this world.

Yu Rou's expression remained the same as ever. She was not shocked by Elder Feng revealing her identity with just a few words. After all, this was a family that dared to stand up to the Tai Ci Family and had laid down a vast scheme at the time Black Water City was built. When this was taken into consideration, them knowing the secrets of Yu Family did not seem that surprising.

It was especially so when Yu Rou recalled how Elder Feng had said in a domineering manner just moments ago, "Black Ink Planet is ours."

Without absolute power, no one would be able to say these words, which was why Yu Rou was not surprised. Instead, she lowered her head to show her respect.

Yet while she was not surprised by Elder Feng revealing her identity, Yu Chen Hai's expression had already changed drastically as he stood in the distance. A storm raged in his heart as he looked at Yu Rou's back with a dumbfounded expression. His mind went blank for a short period of time.

He suddenly understood why Su Ming had been completely unbothered by him being infatuated with his maidservant when they were in one of the towers in the Yu Family before they came to Black Water City.

In fact, he could still remember the strange look on Su Ming's face at that time. Only at this moment did he come to completely understand that… the woman which he had been unable to help himself but be infatuated with and had even grown to adore was… his Progenitor!

The blow that came with this realization made him nearly unable to accept the truth for a short period of time. As his face turned pale, he took a few staggering steps backwards. A wry smile appeared on his face, along with a hint of awkwardness.

Su Ming did not pay attention to Yu Chen Hai. Instead, he looked at Elder Feng and asked calmly, "Has the First God of Berserkers found the Fifth True World?"

"I will answer that question later, Fourth God of Berserkers. Now, let us continue witnessing the true might of the Lie Shan Family in Black Ink Planet." Elder Feng avoided the question and shook his head with a smile.

As the people spoke, wind stirred up and clouds surged into the sky within the image of Black Water City in the screen of light. The hundreds of cultivators who were closing in on Lie Shan Family all experienced drastic changes in their expressions; they were clearly shocked by the scene before them. In disbelief, they quickly retreated without any hesitation, intending to return to the Great Kindness Palace.

However, the stone dragons were faster than them. The dragons closed in on them within an instant, and loud booming sounds shook the sky, drowning out of the shrill screams of pain as fresh blood poured down.

Most of the hundreds of cultivators from the Tai Ci Family died in an instant. The ones still alive fled swiftly with terror on their faces, even if many of the stone dragons behind them had crumbled. However, the stones from the stone dragons that had crumbled gathered together once again as they fell from the sky to transform into stone dragons once again and chase after the remaining cultivators.

It was at this time that the powerful light from Black Water City's Great Bright Light Rune rose from the ground. Then, with what seemed like a screen of light, it crashed into the Great Kindness Palace. As booming sounds surged into the sky and reverberated in the air, the Great Kindness Palace began trembling intensely.

The confrontation lasted only the span of a few breaths before the palace exploded right before Su Ming's eyes. It was reduced to countless shards that tumbled backwards while hundreds of cultivators rushed out from inside, but they did not manage to escape too far before the Great Bright Light Rune swiftly crashed into them, and they shattered into pieces.

At that moment, the clouds in the sky tumbled about, and a furious roar came from above. As it did, gigantic shadows swiftly gathered together in the sky, and in the blink of an eye, several dozen massive palaces took shape.

All of these palaces were Great Kindness Palaces. They appeared together, and the mighty pressure they brought with them descended on the ground. Within that pressure was a will that would allow no resistance, along with fury that burned the nine heavens.

"Lie Shan Family, you've planned for many years and hidden yourself well, but Black Water City belongs to the Tai Ci Family! You're… just asking for death!"

As the enraged roar reverberated in the air, the entire Black Water City started trembling. Red light started shining at its edges, and in the blink of an eye, those rays of red light connected with each other to form a red screen of light. It was set over the ground like a bowl turned upside down. Once it covered the entire Black Water City , it started contracting swiftly.

Wherever it went, all towers would crumble. In fact, some of the cultivators in the city who had not managed to flee in time screamed in pain right when the red light touched them, and their bodies began decaying. All the blood in their bodies was instantly sucked away to become part of the blood-red screen of light.

Su Ming looked at everything happening within the screen of light, and Elder Feng's faint voice echoed in his ears.

"Black Water City was built by the Tai Ci Family, but the people who set the Runes, structured the city and built it were from the Lie Shan Family, even if at that time we were not known as such." While speaking, Elder Feng lifted his right hand and pointed at the screen of light.

Right away, that red screen of light that was contracting around Black Water City swiftly froze, then like a bubble bursting, the part above burst open. While shining brightly, the red screen of light let out a bang, and it moved towards the spot where it had burst open to turn into a blood-red figure.

That person was a dwarf who had long blood-red hair. Once he appeared, he lifted his head and let out a roar. As he did so, all the cultivators in Black Water City had a feeling of their blood wanting to escape from their bodies.

The red screen of light began to rush even faster to that one spot, and in the blink of an eye, it was gone, all of it absorbed by the blood-red dwarf.

"A blood-red Rune Spirit! Damn it, why is there a Rune Spirit in the Rune?! When we built this Rune in the past, we eliminated all possibilities of a Rune Spirit being born within it!" someone immediately shouted from among the dozens of Great Kindness Palaces in the sky.

The blood-red dwarf licked his lips, lowered his head, then bent his back to bow in the direction of Lie Shan Family's auction hall before he lifted his head and roared. As he did so, his body turned into a sea of blood and charged towards the sky.

At the instant the blood-red Rune Spirit rushed upwards, Su Ming saw a blood-red moon appearing on the Rune Spirit. That moon was the symbol of the Rune Spirit's level of cultivation.

At the same time, the dozens of Great Kindness Palaces in the sky moved swiftly and placed themselves on top of each other to form a structure in the shape of a tower before it swiftly pressed down on the incoming blood-red Rune Spirit.

Bang!

The tall tower formed by dozens of palaces pushed down forcefully on the blood-red Rune Spirit. Then, the tower shook, and thousands of cultivators flew out from within, all of whom had outstanding power. Once they flew out, they stood close to each other in the sky before charging towards Lie Shan Family's auction hall.

"The Tai Ci Family has grown over tens of thousands of years, and they have plenty of people in their family… but how many of those with the blood of the Lie Shan Family flowing in their veins are among them?" Elder Feng suddenly smiled, and it was a smile that was enigmatic but also slightly ghastly.

As he smiled, he brought out a black plate and threw it towards the screen of light.

Su Ming saw the plate fusing into the screen of light before appearing above Black Water City. When it appeared, the plate grew much larger until it became as big as a small hill.

There were two big words on it.

Black Ink.

Not even a single word was uttered. When this plate appeared, most of the thousands of people from the Tai Ci Family rushing to the Lie Shan Family came to an abrupt halt. Their expressions changed drastically. All of them hesitated for a moment, then they instantly turned around… to wage war against the cultivators who had been their family members just moments ago.

This scene brought a brilliant light to Su Ming's eyes. He had been able to accept everything he saw just now, no matter whether it was Black Water City's Runes, the screen of light, or everything else. They were all logical and understandable. However, the significance behind internal strife within the members of the Tai Ci Family due to the appearance of a single plate… was incredibly great.

As if he had noticed Su Ming's shock, Elder Feng turned his head around to look at the youth and smiled kindly at him.

"This is just the tip of the iceberg. The First God of Berserkers was able to create the Berserkers' Dynasty in ten thousand years, so how is it possible that he would have been able to only create a middle-tier Lie Shan Family in Black Ink Planet? We are the secret owners of Black Ink Planet!"

After Elder Feng said those words, the tower in the sky above Black Water City shuddered and shattered with a bang. The dozens of palaces collapsed while the blood-red Rune Spirit's roars rang in the air.

However, at that moment, a leisurely sigh came from the sky.
