# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 891

As Su Ming looked at the three dragon heads roaring from the swamp in Black Water City through the screen of light, Su Ming sucked in a deep breath, because he had just been given very shocking information in regards to Lie Shan Family's strength.

Su Ming remained silent for a while, then he looked at Elder Feng. "It doesn't matter whether it's Runes or the stone dragons, even the Great Bright Light Rune is not that shocking once I think about it logically, and it's the same for the Nine-Headed Dragon forming a promise with all of you… but how did you manage to divide the members of the Tai Ci Family and make them… betray their own family at such a crucial moment?"

"Black Ink Dao did not exist on Black Ink Planet in the past. When we came, Black Ink Dao was born. Our followers are in every single one of the families here. We are the kings that lie in the shadows, and we can decide the rise and fall of each family.

"We can stir up internal strife within the Black Ink Planet and can bring about a disaster that will shock the four Great True Worlds, such as… the change in Black Ink Planet in the past." Elder Feng smiled as he said the words that left Su Ming's heart in shock once again.

If he looked at the timeline, the time when the change in Black Ink Planet occurred was also the time when Lie Shan Xiu arrived in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

"As for us being able to turn the members of these families into Berserkers so they would betray their own family when we needed them to… Well, you might be able to guess the reason behind it." Elder Feng cast Su Ming a glance. He did not reveal everything, but instead let the ghost of a smile linger on his lips.

Su Ming remained silent for some time before he said in a low voice, "That is a divine ability the Second God of Berserkers created on his own."

"When I left with the First God of Berserkers, I saw three people who had the qualities to take over the First God of Berserkers' position. I don't know whether the Second God of Berserkers you speak of is one of them. If he is, then good for him, but if he isn't, it doesn't matter either. However, the Great Art of Heartless Berserker Seed was not created by the Second God of Berserkers, like what you're claiming. Instead… it is the Art the First God of Berserkers used to enslave the worlds, and it is also known as… the God of Berserkers' Art!

"In this universe, only Lord Lie Shan alone could create this Art with his unprecedented talent," Elder Feng said in a languid manner while shaking his head.

As they spoke to each other, the weather changed above Black Water City. Booming sounds shook the sky and earth, and the was the sound of space shattering as the three heads from the Nine-Headed Dragon fought against the three old men in Solar Kalpa Realm.

This was the first Nine-Headed Dragon Su Ming had seen. Its might was incredibly astonishing, and in fact, Su Ming believed that if the Candle Dragon had met this Nine-Headed Dragon at its prime and they had fought against each other since they were mortal enemies, it would be difficult to determine just who would win or lose.

However, Su Ming had a feeling that… this Nine-Headed Dragon seemed to be slightly stronger than the Candle Dragon.

'It has nine heads. Right now, only three of them have appeared, and it can already fight on equal grounds against three cultivators in Solar Kalpa Realm. If all nine heads appeared together, then even if it had not reached the state of being a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, it would still be powerful enough… to be the strongest being among all those below the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death.'

Booming sounds came through the screen of light and echoed in Lie Shan Family's auction hall. Su Ming looked at the city, then said calmly after some time, "No wonder you weren't worried about the Tai Ci Family relocating members of their family to where Lie Shan Family's base is located. If you have so much firepower hidden in Black Water City, then you will have even more forces hidden in the family's base."

Elder Feng lifted his right hand and swung it before himself. The air in front of the screen of light distorted, and nearly a hundred screens of light in various sizes appeared. Each one showed a different scene, and they all were the bases that belonged to the families in Black Ink Planet.

"If you're curious, then you can take a look. You'll know when you see it," Elder Feng said with a smile.

Su Ming swept his gaze over the near one hundred screens of light and fell silent.

He saw long arcs which were members of the Tai Ci Family heading to seek help from the families in Black Ink Planet.

One of the light screens showed the Chen Family, a middle-tier family in Black Ink Planet.

A long arc arrived before them with loud whistling sounds. It descended in the span of a breath, revealing itself as a middle-aged man. He was dressed in a Hanfu and had an anxious expression on his face. Once he descended, he immediately wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed towards the Chen Family in a greeting.

"I am Tai Ci An of the Tai Ci Family. With the letter from my family's Progenitor, I have come in hopes to meet Chen Family's Progenitor. This concerns a drastic change in all the families within Black Ink Planet! Chen Family's Progenitor, please allow me to have an audience with you!"

"Kill him!"

Almost at the instant the middle-aged man finished speaking, an ancient voice came from the Chen Family. Once it spoke, several dozen people charged out from inside the building.

The middle-aged man's expression changed. He wanted to retreat, but there was quite a number of powerful warriors whose levels of cultivation were higher than his. When they attacked, they did not give a single chance for him to fight back, as if they could not wait to immediately kill him since there was someone watching their actions, and the Chen Family were eager to show their sincerity.

Everything lasted for only ten breaths before a shrill scream of pain reverberated in the air. The middle-aged man from the Tai Ci Family who had come to seek help had both his form and his spirit destroyed. It was also during this moment that an incredibly tall and built man with a flowery-patterned mask over his face walked out from the Chen Family. Accompanying him was Chen Family's Progenitor, who was standing right behind him as many other powerful warriors from the Chen Family trailed behind them.

"Sir, you don't have to worry. The Chen Family has long since found the Tai Ci Family unpleasant to our eyes. Even if you did not come today, we would have killed that person from the Tai Ci Family." Chen Family's Progenitor wrapped his fist in his palm respectfully.

The man nodded and took a step forward before he turned into a long arc and left. Once he disappeared, Chen Family's Progenitor wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead.

Su Ming saw this in the screen of light. In fact, he could see something similar in all the screens of light in front of his eyes. All the members of the Tai Ci Family who were sent out had been swiftly killed by the anxious families.

However, there were some who did not die, and those were the people who went to the Mo Family in Black Kirin City and the Hua Family in Worldly Star Family. These two families who were part of the strongest trio of families in Black Ink Planet did not kill the people who came to seek their help, but instead chose to shut their doors and refuse to see them.

As for the members of the Tai Ci Family who were heading to Lie Shan Family's base, Su Ming saw a gigantic tentacle suddenly extending from the layer of clouds in the space before the thousands of cultivators who were charging forward. There were plenty of polyps on that tentacle, and as it swept through the sky, it looked as if it had pushed the planet to make it rotate on its axis. The sea of clouds then tumbled about to reveal a huge creature that was one hundred thousand feet big.

It was clearly a big octopus. With the clouds serving as the ocean, it swam around in the sky. At that moment, it appeared with an unknown method and executed a brutal slaughter of the thousands of cultivators from the Tai Ci Family.

In fact, when Su Ming looked closer into it, he saw an old man sitting cross-legged on the octopus' head.

The old man's face was indistinct and could not be seen clearly. However, there was a layer of moisture that seemed to be surrounding the old man, creating a hazy feeling. When sunlight shone on it, a seven-colored light was produced by the refracting light.

"That's the old Rain Berserker." Elder Feng smiled.

Wind, rain, lightning, fog—the four generals under the First God of Berserkers' command!

Su Ming remained silent. When he averted his gaze from the screens of light, he had already formed an estimation of Lie Shan Family's might in Black Ink Planet. It was as Elder Feng had said, with this sort of power… they were the shadow kings of Black Ink Planet.

Their methods might be a little despicable and not something ethical, but since Lie Shan Family had chosen to be the kings of Black Ink Planet lurking in the shadows, those that exist in the dark naturally can not choose to do things in an honorable manner.

Su Ming acknowledged this, because he knew that the brighter a ball of flames burned in the dark, the more a person's attention would be attracted to it. Then, the one that would be first extinguished would be that ball of flames burning in the dark, which all the people could see.

The one that would last would instead be the existence that stayed hidden in the dark, having fused together with it. This would make it so it would never be destroyed but would turn into an existence that destroyed others.

This was the path Lie Shan Xiu had chosen when he came to Black Ink Planet. It was also precisely because of this that he managed to make Black Ink Dao in to a force that could overturn the entire Black Ink Planet after tens of thousands of years of administration.

This was… a power that belonged to the Berserkers!

"The Lord God of Berserkers once said that he is a Berserker, and we are also Berserkers. Then… everything that we do, no matter how despicable and how vile… is for the sake of Berserkers existing in the entire universe.

"It isn't easy for a race to rise to power. Originally, the Lord God of Berserkers had thought that the Berserkers had already risen to power and he had been prepared to change the rulers of True Morning Dao World so that he could turn True Morning Dao World into the Berserkers' True World… but the ancient will from Yin Death Region had been easily able to destroy everything the God of Berserkers had done with just a flip of its hand, forcing him to obey its ancient will and leave the land of Berserkers to help Yin Death Region search for their entrance.

"Did you think that we did not want to leave behind some semblance of hope or some treasures for the Berserkers before we left? That we wanted to watch them gradually fall to ruin..?

"Did you think that we truly left to search for some turning point that would allow us to reach a breakthrough? Did you really think that we did it for ourselves..?

"Did you think that the stone monument heritage Lord Lie Shan left behind talking about how it would all end when it came to the third generation was a show of how carefree he had been and how he truly did not care about the Berserkers' rise and fall?" Elder Feng asked softly, but the impact that came with his words touched Su Ming's heart.

"I don't know why you left Yin Death Region, but I can guess that you were forced to leave as well! After all, Yin Death Region had threatened to kill all the Berserkers in the past, forcing our Lord God of Berserkers Lie Shan Xiu to leave our homeland and find the entrance to the Fifth True World for Yin Death Region's will.

"If he did not obey them, then all the Berserkers… would have been destroyed. He could only obey them in humiliation and bury all his hatred and madness in his heart as he chose to leave. Then, to make Yin Death Region's will not worry about him, he had to harden his heart… and make a clean break with the Berserkers!" When Elder Feng said these words, his expression became twisted, and a hint of madness as well as hatred appeared in his eyes.

"We spent… every single moment over the course of tens of thousands of years longing for our home. We think about our people, we think about all of you… All the buildings of Lie Shan Family map the land of Berserkers. You can't see our grief when we look at the map of the land of Berserkers. You can't see the pain we feel in our hearts when we remember our homeland.

"Over the tens of thousands of years, we have worked tirelessly. We gave up on our pride, gave up on being honorable and hid ourselves in the dark just so that there would come a day when we… could fight our way back to Yin Death Region and kill all the wills in Yin Death Region so that… the Berserkers could move out… and become the strongest race in the entire universe!"

Elder Feng's words were like a windstorm that crashed into Su Ming's heart with a bang.
