# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 892

"We have been waiting constantly for other Berserkers to walk out of Yin Death Region and come to this place. We… have been waiting for you all along. Lord Lie Shan Xiu was known as Yin Death's Child by Yin Death Region's will, and he believed that after him, there would be a second, a third, and even more Yin Death's Children who would appear.

"He waited for all this while, and we have been waiting alongside him for people from our homeland to come to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. That's why… we controlled Black Ink Planet and brought about the change in it. This was a signal for you.

"We were waiting for you.

"We wanted to create… a Berserkers' world beyond Yin Death Region! This place belongs to us, but we are already old. This is… a world created for you by the First God of Berserkers, Lie Shan Xiu. Everything in this place was prepared for you!" Elder Feng looked at Su Ming attentively. His face was filled with sincerity, and there was not a hint of him putting up an act.

As he said these words, booming sounds rang out once again from the image of Black Water City in the screen of light. The noise was really loud, like thunder booming, and it was roaring endlessly in the city.

It was the sound that came from the fight between the Nine-Headed Dragon's three heads and the three Progenitors in Solar Kalpa Realm. A cold harrumph abruptly came from the sky and shook the entire place.

As that cold harrumph rang in the air, the sky was dyed instantly in a dark green shade. Within it was a gigantic mountain descending slowly from the sky.

The mountain was several hundreds of thousands of feet big, and it looked like there was no end to it. As it descended, the entire Black Water City shuddered and all the cultivators who were fighting immediately fell backwards.

The Nine-Headed Dragon's three heads and the three Progenitors in Solar Kalpa Realm trembled and swiftly moved back.

It was as if the giant mountain exuded a supreme mighty pressure because of which all forms of thought were forced to freeze and all the people to kowtow to it.

"Greetings, Progenitor Tai Ci!"

"I, member of the younger generation, greet Progenitor Tai Ci!"

Roars filled with excitement came from the mouths of all the members who had not betrayed the Tai Ci Family. An endless amount of hope seeped through their excited voices, along with an unshakable belief that all disasters would be resolved now that their Progenitor appeared.

As the mountain descended, Su Ming could see a gigantic face on its in the screen of light. The face protruded out of the mountain, and he could vaguely see that it belonged to an old man. That face was filled with dignity, making it seem that if he became angry, he could make the entire universe roar with him.

Elder Feng looked at the screen of light and asked calmly, "Do you know what is the requirement to become the strongest family in Black Ink Planet?

"It's a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death. A family must have someone who has already become a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death to become… the strongest family here. Only then can they become a force of power that can intimidate the forces from the four Great True Worlds stationed here, and only then can they… trade with Divine Essence Star Ocean and the four Great True Worlds in Black Ink Planet."

Elder Feng's voice echoed in Su Ming's ears.

He looked at the gigantic face on the mountain through the screen of light. A familiar wave of pressure made him suck in a deep breath. This familiarity did not come from having seen Progenitor Tai Ci before, but from having been chased down by someone of the same level of cultivation in the past.

"That's enough!" When the mountain descended, an old voice reverberated through the world with a bang. That voice contained a will that would allow no forms of resistance, as if it was the god in this world.

"Shadow kings of Black Ink Planet, Tai Ci Family has never offended you, and neither have you done the same to us. Let this be over… Leave Black Water City. As for the members who have betrayed us, you can take them with you as well.

"This is the last straw. Do not force me to fight all of you to the death. I can sense that you… do not have a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death in Black Ink Planet."

The voice filled with an ancient air reverberated in all directions. Endless ripples rose in the air and spread outwards to sweep up a large amount of dark green clouds, so the entire sky looked like it had turned into a huge ocean that had waves raging on its surface.

"Sometimes, we will give some powerful warriors the respect they deserve, such as telling them why they lost." As Elder Feng smiled and spoke to Su Ming, he took a step forward and moved into the screen of light and vanished into thin air.

He did not ask Su Ming to go with him; after all, not everyone has the bravery to face off a powerful Master of Fate, Lives, and Death. Su Ming watched Elder Feng disappear, then a faint smile appeared on his face and he took a step forward as well and disappeared into the screen of light.

Elder Feng walked out of the air in the sky above Black Water City. As he stood there, the gaze of the gigantic face on the mountain swiveled towards him.

That one gaze contained a power that could make the sky and earth tremble, and a mighty pressure descended swiftly on Elder Feng's body. It was also during this moment that Su Ming appeared beside him.

His appearance immediately brought the mighty pressure from Progenitor Tai Ci to descend on him as well.

This was not the first time that Su Ming faced off against this sort of pressure. He stood there with brightly shining eyes, but he did not move even a single step backwards.

"You are afraid." Elder Feng's expression was calm as ever under the mighty pressure coming from Progenitor Tai Ci, and he spoke coolly. His words were not aimed at Su Ming… but were directed towards Progenitor Tai Ci.

"You are afraid of the legendary shadow kings in Black Ink Planet and the true might of Black Ink Dao… You are afraid of why Black Ink Dao… would dare to provoke Tai Ci Family even though you cannot sense someone who is of the same level as you and would even fight till the last of us falls.

"You also became wary the instant I appeared, because you do not know why I dared show up before you even though my level of cultivation is not as great as yours.

"You are also uncertain as to why I dare say such words to you." Elder Feng's voice echoed in the air, and the pupils on that gigantic face on the mountain shrank.

"Su Ming." Elder Feng turned his head around to look at his companion.

Su Ming looked over.

"Becoming the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death is the peak to the eyes of the people in the world. Theirs is a will that is equivalent to the might of heaven that no one can fight against. It is the limit of the path of Dao, and there are very few people in the world who can kill those who have reached this Realm.

"In fact, some truly terrifying poisons can even be disregarded by Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death. In fact, it can even be said that poisons that can be fatal to Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death no longer exist in this world, even though they might have existed in the ancient past.

"That is unless you've schemed against that person for tens of thousands of years and placed poison into the spirit stones he uses to practice his cultivation every day, into the spiritual aura he breathes in every day, into the air he gets in touch with every day, and even on all his clothes and everything else that he gets in contact with during the tens of thousands of years he is alive. As he comes into contact with that poison every day for tens of thousands of years, that poison will become a part of him, and only then can a Master of Fate, Lives and Death's body and soul be destroyed after tens of thousands of years!" Elder Feng smiled.

"Should we have used this sort of poison before this person became a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death as well? In fact, should we have used it when he had just been born so that the plan would be even more perfect as his level of cultivation rose through the passage of time?" Su Ming asked calmly.

Praise immediately appeared in Elder Feng's eyes. He looked at Su Ming and nodded.

"That's right.

"Tai Ci Family became the strongest family under our control from the shadows. Your Progenitor Tai Ci Sha had disappeared a long time ago, and his life plate had shattered tens of thousands of years ago. You might have hidden this very well, but his death was part of Lie Shan Family's plan, so there is no way we would not know about this.

"Tai Chi Shan, you have great potential, but from the moment you were born, everything you came in contact with was due to Lie Shan Family's arrangements. There is not a single thing that you came in contact with that did not contain poison. We know all about Tai Ci Family's strengths and know that you have the legacy of the Shamanic Dao in you. Your family has the qualities to be awakened in your blood, and because of it, you will always have a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death among you. Tai Ci Sha's death only meant that another Master of Fate, Lives, and Death would appear in Tai Ci Family.

"All the people in your generation who could obtain the legacy died one after another, until only you remained. When you obtained the legacy and became a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, everything that you came into contact was filled with poison.

"The dimensional crack you discovered in the past was something we let you discover. The color of your controlled world is dark green; have you never suspected it? That color… is filled with depression… along with death.

"You discovered it. That was why you tried to fuse with this Origin Mountain of Great Kindness ten thousand years ago in an attempt to get rid of the poison that had fused into your soul by using the mountain as your body. But… this mountain was something our Lord Lie Shan Xiu intentionally allowed you to discover in Divine Essence Star Ocean." When Elder Feng said these words, his expression turned ghastly, and he looked at the gigantic mountain coldly.

Su Ming stood by the side with his heart in great shock. A sudden wave of curiosity rose within him towards Lie Shan Xiu, a man who could plot against Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death, could control the entire Black Ink Planet, and could even affect a powerful family's rise and fall.

This man called Lie Shan Xiu.

After a long while, the gigantic face on the mountain asked slowly, "What is the name of that poison?" He did not refute Elder Feng's words, and in fact, there was not a single change in his expression.

"Berserker Seed number four. This is the name our Lord Lie Shan Xiu gave for the poison. It is also… your new name."

"Lie Shan Xiu…" The gigantic face on the mountain slowly closed his eyes to cover the anguish and dullness within them. He had appeared so late instead of coming right at the start to prevent his family's destruction because he knew… that he was no longer himself.

He also knew that even if he chose to die, another scion would appear in the future within the Tai Ci Family, and he or she would go down the same path.

"Let my family… leave." After a long time, Progenitor Tai Ci opened his eye. The anguish in his eyes had disappeared, replaced by a dull, lifeless look.

"Very well. In the future, a middle-tier family by the name of Tai Ci will appear in Black Ink Planet." Elder Feng smiled and nodded.

"All the members of the Tai Ci Family who belong to Black Ink Dao will fuse into the Yu Family. From now on, Black Water City will belong to the Yu Family. This is the gift we bestow onto you for what you have done for our God of Berserkers."

Once Elder Feng finished saying these things, he turned his head around to look at Su Ming.

"Didn't you say you wanted to meet Lie Shan Xiu? Come, I'll take you to him. I'll also let you see our Berserkers."
