# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 895

Elder Feng cast Su Ming a look, then turned his head around to look at Elder Yu, who was beside him.

"Very well. We will need about a month or so," Elder Yu said flatly. As he spoke, water vapor filled the air around him, bringing a haziness to the area around him.

"All members of Lie Shan Family, all of your manpower within Black Ink Planet will now come under the Fourth God of Berserkers' name. You will need to listen to my orders," Su Ming said calmly as he stood beside Lie Shan Xiu's statue and swept his gaze over the crowd. When his words left his mouth, the acknowledgement he had from the land of Berserkers in his soul and the power of worship of the Berserkers in the land of Berserkers spread out from his body.

This was the dignity of the God of Berserkers. It was an invisible power that could make all Berserkers' Qi tumble.

The bodies of the near one hundred Berserkers trembled and they lowered their heads towards Su Ming. Elder Feng and Elder Yu remained silent for a moment, then wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed towards Su Ming.

The voices of the people as they bowed together turned into one single voice that said, "We greet the God of Berserkers."

…..

One month swiftly passed. During it, Black Ink Planet was filled with a bustle of activity, since cultivators continuously arrived from the world outside. These people were mostly powerful warriors from Sinful Barren Lands, and they had naturally come to Black Ink Planet for Black Ink Auction, which was only held once every couple hundred years.

The Black Ink Auction was incredibly famous in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. It was a large-scale auction in its truest sense, and every single time it was held, plenty of shocking treasures would appear.

The alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean would also send their people to the auction, and they would bring with them a large amount of strange items from the galaxy in exchange for necessities as well as treasures and cultivation methods that would only appear in the four Great True Worlds.

The four Great True Worlds also placed an incredible amount of importance on Black Ink Planet's auction. Every single time it was held, plenty of True Guards would come. In fact, there would even be representatives from each True World who would come to the planet to trade.

Due to far too many cultivators arriving in the planet, preventing chaos became an incredibly great task. It would be taken by a group of guards formed by the powerful warriors from each family in the planet, and they made sure that no battles occurred during the auction.

In fact, the Protection Rune in Black Ink Planet would also be fully activated during the entire process. Once any sign of disturbance appeared, the Rune would immediately destroy the cause of the disturbance.

Thankfully, the auction had been held plenty of times in the past, so everything progressed in an impeccable and orderly manner.

Su Ming sat in a palace Yu Family had built in Black Water City after it became its owner. He sat at a spot from which he could see everything that was happening in the city. The thirteen Progenitors from the Yu Family stood behind him respectfully.

There was a jade slip placed in front of Su Ming.

Lie Shan Kang Jiu stood beside him respectfully. That respect came from the bottom of his heart while he waited for Su Ming's orders.

Lie Shan Kang Jiu had delivered the jade slip to Su Ming, and on it were the names of the prodigies from the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds. In fact, detailed descriptions of those who might possibly come to Black Ink Planet to participate in the auction were also recorded inside.

Su Ming held onto the jade slip with a calm look on his face. Not a single change of expression could be detected on him, even if the very first name he saw on that jade slip… was Ye Wang [1]!

'Ye Wang, the person with the strongest potential over the course of numerous years in True Morning Dao World, because of which Morning Dao Sect has placed an incredible amount of importance on him. He's known as the person who has the highest possibility of heading into Plane Kalpa Realm among the cultivators of his generation.

'He's also Heng Kong Zi's successor disciple, who is one of the Grand Sect Elders in Morning Dao Sect. Ye Wang had went with Dao Kong, a direct descent of Dao Chen, into the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

'There is a high possibility that this person will come to Black Ink Planet.'

'Dao Kong, a direct descendant of True Morning Dao World's Morning Dao Sect. His potential in cultivation is incredibly shocking, and he can be considered to be among the top ten in terms of creating his own force of power among the direct descendants of Morning Dao Sect.

'This person is cautious in his actions, but he's fierce and ambitious. Most of the cultivators he gathers to his side are strong, and he means to bring Ye Wang to his side. Ye Wang had come to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence because Dao Kong had manipulated things so that it would happen this way.

Most of Dao Kong's followers cannot come to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, which is why he is at his weakest when he is here. However, he is bound to still have powerful warriors protecting him, and if it wasn't because this person had only been walking down the path of cultivation for a short period of time, he would have become one of the top three direct descendants of Dao Chen who have reached Ascendant Realm. Before Ye Wang appeared, he was known as the person with the best potential in Morning Dao Sect.

'This person will definitely come to Black Ink Planet!'

Su Ming scanned through all the names on the jade slip with his Atman. When he looked through all of them once, he placed his attention on Ye Wang and Dao Kong. After a long while, he placed his full concentration on information about Dao Kong.

'Dao Kong…' A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes before he retrieved his Atman. Then, he slowly narrowed his eyes.

When he made his decision to search for the First God of Berserkers in Divine Essence Star Ocean, Su Ming had already decided to search for his third clone as soon as possible. He needed clone who could gather up his cultivation base so that his level of cultivation could begin to rise.

In fact, Su Ming was confident that once he found that clone, his cultivation base would be able to rise abruptly. He would then be able to reach World Plane Realm from his awkward state of being stuck in Heaven Cultivation Realm.

When his three clones cooperated with each other, there was even a possibility that he could have his clone which focused on cultivation base reach the middle stage of World Plane Realm. At that time, with Su Ming's true strength, he would be able to gain an upper hand against those in the later stage of World Plane Realm even without bringing out his Ecang clone.

After all, the Qi within the physical body of his clone which practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows whole had already reached the later stage of World Plane Realm. Because of this, if his cultivation base reached the middle stage of World Plane Realm, he would have earned the right to enter Divine Essence Star Ocean.

'If everything goes smoothly, then with the treasure that is Peace Arrives when the Elephant is Here, I will have the power to protect myself even if I run into those in Lunar Kalpa Realm.'

A freezing glare appeared in Su Ming's eyes.

He chose Dao Kong because he harbored a grudge against Morning Dao Sect, while the memory of Ye Wang's gaze filled with determination as he refused to admit defeat while he was in Wind Steam Tribe still remained in his mind.

Su Ming looked at Lie Shan Kang Jiu and said in a low voice, "Have all the manpower of Lie Shan Family in Black Ink Planet keep close watch over Dao Kong. If he comes here I want to know everything about it."

Lie Shan Kang Jiu's expression grew stern. Once he voiced his obedience, he bade his farewell and left.

Once he left, Su Ming's orders spread through all the members of Black Ink Dao within all families in a discreet manner. An invisible net spread out in Black Ink Planet, and it was waiting… for Dao Kong to arrive.

At that moment, there were gigantic longships within the galaxy beyond Black Ink Planet. They were moving without any sound and were heading swiftly towards the auction. Judging by their speed, they would be able to enter Black Ink Planet's territory in a couple more breaths.

Dao Kong sat on a big black chair while dressed in a Sacred Constellation Robe. He had a wine cup in his hand, and while looking at the stars, he would occasionally take a sip from it. His expression was incredibly calm, and only a hint of a bright light occasionally shining in his eyes revealed his extraordinary bearing.

He looked incredibly handsome, and the Sacred Constellation Robe only served to make him look like a dragon amid people.

There were nine old men standing behind him quietly. These nine old men all had their eyes shut, but there were shocking waves of power spreading out from within and around their bodies.

"So you're saying that our prodigy Ye Wang left on his own?" Dao Kong smiled and released his grip around the wine cup. It plunged down towards the ground, but before it could crash down, a pearly white hand suddenly reached out from empty space and seized it.

Appearing along with that hand was an incredibly alluring body, and it was followed by an incredibly beautiful and young married woman. That woman knelt down beside Dao Kong when she grabbed the wine cup, then she smiled coquettishly at him.

"He left alone three days ago," a cold voice said coolly from the area in front of Dao Kong and that woman. An indistinct figure could be seen there. That person's face could not be seen clearly, but based on the form, it could be deduced that the person was a woman.

"Very well. During the past thousand something years, he has constantly refused to become my follower. The time for our return is almost up. Then… since he can't become my follower, I won't allow any of my other family members to be able to take him in either. Let's have him… run into an accident in Black Ink Planet," Dao Kong said softly and lifted his right hand to caress the coquettish woman's chin.

"I will only ensure your safety and will not help you do that sort of thing," the indistinct person said flatly. There was a hint of derision in her voice and a lack of embarrassment for speaking in such a manner towards Dao Kong, showing her complete lack of respect towards him.

The young man seemed to be used to the woman speaking to him in such a manner. He only smiled faintly and looked towards the spot where she was.

"Do not forget that you are a member of the Phoenix Sect and your Progenitor gave you to me for a wife."

"Do not forget that Phoenix Sect will only carry out the tradition when you reach Plane Kalpa Realm," the woman stated flatly. There was a layer of distortions in the place where she was, and she no longer bothered herself with Dao Kong, turning around to leave.

A chuckle escaped Dao Kong's lips. He held the chin of the woman beside him and looked at her beautiful face, especially her pointy ears, then gently pinched them.

The woman winced in pain, but she did not dare to show a single hint of it. As Dao Kong increased the strength of his pinch, tears fell from the woman's eyes.

"You came from the Phoenix Sect as well. Have you ever met their Sacred Lady Bai Feng?" he asked in a light tone.

The woman bit her bottom lip and shook her head.

"Understandable. When you betrayed the Phoenix Sect, Bai Feng had participated in the secret plan, so it's only natural that you didn't see her." Dao Kong smiled faintly.

"I have never met her before, either. There are two Sacred Ladies in Phoenix Sect. One of them is Bai Feng, and the other is my wife, Xu Hui. It's a pity that Xu Hui constantly has her face hidden, but sooner or later, I will be able to see her. The ancient inheritance from Phoenix Sect will also belong to me." Dao Kong released the woman's ears and suddenly slapped her, sending her a hundred something feet away.

"Get lost!"

The woman lowered her head, and her body slowly disappeared into the distance.

The area immediately fell silent. The expressions of the nine old men behind Dao Kong remained as impassive as ever. In fact, they did not even open their eyes, as if they were already used to Dao Kong's temperamental actions.

'Ye Wang… since you don't know how to appreciate what is good for you, then… don't blame me for being ruthless.' Dao Kong's expression became freezing cold, and he closed his eyes. 'I will complete the Progenitor's request in Black Ink Auction, which is to obtain enough resources by offering a spot to head to True Morning Dao World. Once I do this, it'll be fine even if Ye Wang dies.'
