# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 900

"They say that all forms of life in the world have a kismet…" In a chamber within Worldly Star City were Elder Feng and Elder Yu, standing quietly in the room. There was a screen of light in front of them, and in the screen was Su Ming turning his head around. His gaze seemed to be able to penetrate the screen of light and land on their bodies.

They heard what Su Ming said and fell silent.

"The Lord Fourth God of Berserkers is even more… sinister than the First God of Berserkers," Elder Yu said in a low tone with a slightly odd expression on his face.

"This Ye Wang is a person who has tens of thousands of years worth of kismet from the land of Immortals gathered on him, that is why his potential is incredibly great. In a short time, he managed to reach the middle stage of World Plane Realm, and his future was… boundless.

"After he joined Morning Dao Sect, he also took away part of True Morning Dao World's kismet in an unseen manner. This kismet is formless, and plenty of people believe that it doesn't exist, but it would allow him to grow strong in True Morning Dao World.

"Kismets are abstruse and insubstantial, but in the end, just like when the Lord First God of Berserkers gathered all the land of Berserkers' kismet on him, all those who have a kismet in their bodies must do something that coincides with it, or else… they will clash against that kismet, and at that time, their kismet will begin scattering away, and it will slowly disappear.

"If this Ye Wang continued walking down his path of cultivation with his understanding, which is to look down upon all lives while being a prideful and solitary existence, then he would have conformed to his kismet. He believed that the world is fair; the weak should be weak, and the strong should be strong. If he continued like this, then his power would have become the might of heavens. He would have fused those kismets into his body, and when he spoke, his words would have become law, and he would have… completed his Dao.

"But once the Fourth God of Berserkers used his epiphany to disrupt Ye Wang's heart, it was left in chaos. Ye Wang originally wanted to find a crack in the Fourth God of Berserkers' mind, but in the end, he was the one to fall into a trap.

"If he truly changed his mind, then from now onwards, he will no longer have a personality that will look down upon all lives. Instead, a new personality will form in his heart, and he will no longer believe that he was a prodigy from the bottom of his heart. At that time... he will truly cease to be a prodigy, and since his kismet will no longer conform to his personality, it will swiftly dissipate.

"Then, he will become a dumb bird."

Elder Feng and Elder Yu shook their heads. However, as they watched Su Ming leaving into the distance through the screen of light, a hint of surprise appeared in their eyes.

"I can only guess that he did so because Ye Wang wanted to kill him. That killing intent was related to Ye Wang's personality and the kismet in him. This prodigy's kismet would not allow him to have anyone oppressing him. Even if he reached a tie with someone, he would consider it a loss, and he would have to kill his opponent to maintain his outlook of looking down upon all lives.

"But I think that our Lord Fourth God of Berserkers should have other motives in doing this…" Elder Yu said with hesitation.

"Could it be related to Dao Kong?" A glint appeared in Elder Feng's eyes.

The two of them looked at each other, but they could not be certain of it.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. During these three days, many cultivators from the worlds beyond Black Ink Planet arrived like a swarm of bees, turning Black Ink Planet incredibly lively. Members of alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean also came every single day. Their clothing, habits, and everything were different from cultivators, and as they arrived, they immediately caught plenty of attention.

On the fourth morning, Black Ink Auction was launched!

This was a grand auction that only occurred once every few hundred years on Black Ink Planet. It was not held in one of the three great cities, but high in the sky. With Black Water City being the main and Worldly Star City as well as Ink Kirin City being the subsidiaries, rays of powerful light shone up.

They intersected in Black Ink Planet's sky. The principle was similar to Worldly Star City's night city. As the powerful rays of light intersected with each other, an auction hall that surpassed the size of a city appeared out of thin air.

That auction hall was oval-shaped and immeasurable. It could accommodate millions of people and had a huge platform at the center. The edges of the platform were filled with illusory screens of light so that people from farther away would be able to see the item that was on the platform clearly.

When morning arrived, Relocation Runes shone ceaselessly within this gigantic auction hall. There were also long arcs that rushed to the place from all directions.

This time, there were about two million cultivators and members of the alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean participating in Black Ink Auction. They would either arrive via Relocation Runes or fly up themselves. Gradually, the auction hall was packed densely with cultivators.

There were also various huge rooms located all around the auction hall. These were prepared for those of high status. The people from the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds were scattered in these rooms.

In fact, most of the members of the alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean were also in the rooms.

There were also some cultivators who did not want others to know about their identities so they spent a large amount of crystals in exchange for the right to enter these rooms during Black Ink Auction.

This auction would last for a month, and every single day, a large amount of items would be put on auction, which was worthy of its reputation.

Su Ming sat in a room that belonged to him. The area in front of him was empty, and he could see the huge screens of light on the auction platform. He could also almost see the complete picture of the auction hall.

The thirteen old men from the Yu Family stood behind him quietly, and Yu Rou had also returned. She looked as quiet and elegant as ever, but there was something slightly different about her. At that moment, she stood beside Su Ming, her gaze on the auction hall.

"We've made arrangements for Dao Kong to enter Room 7. There are nine old men beside him, and these people practically never leave his side. There is also another one by his side. Based on Elder Feng's investigations, there is indeed a powerful warrior of Lunar Kalpa Realm by his side as well, and it is a woman.

"She is skilled in hiding, and she should have been sent to his side to protect him. Based on what we understand of Morning Dao Sect, this woman is definitely someone from True Morning Dao World's Phoenix Sect. According to their traditions, she should become Dao Kong's wife in the future," Lie Shan Kang Jiu explained as he stood by Su Ming's side.

"The three thousand fearless warriors from True Morning Dao World were left behind on the plains beyond Black Water City. They've formed a Relocation Rune, and the key to it is on Dao Kong. He only needs to send a divine thought, and the three thousand fearless warriors will be relocated to his side.

"Also…" When Lie Shan Kang Jiu said these words, a loud boom that sounded like a huge wave crashing on the surface of water suddenly rang through the auction hall. This sound was formed by the voices of millions of people in the auction hall, and it could drown out even a thunderclap.

A lyrical melody echoed throughout the entire auction hall. At that moment, three middle-aged men appeared on the platform surrounded by screens of light.

These three people had smiles on their faces, and they wrapped their fists in their palms to bow to all the people in the hall.

'The auction has started…' Su Ming cast a glance at the crowd creating all the noise. He lifted his right hand and swung his arm, and immediately, a screen of light appeared in the empty space in front of him. It dispelled all the sounds from the world outside, and the room immediately fell silent.

"Continue." Su Ming averted his gaze. He was not interested in the auction. The only thing he was interested in was Dao Kong.

"Dao Kong also has subordinates in the nine galactic ships. They are currently floating around Black Ink Planet, and they have already locked onto the auction hall. If any accident happens, they will attack and destroy the place.

"There might be quite a lot of internal strife among the four Great True Worlds, but there also some factions who are working together. If anything happens to Dao Kong here, the cultivators from the other three Great True Worlds will also attack," Lie Shan Kang Jiu said in a low tone. He did not know why Su Ming was aiming at Dao Kong, but while killing Dao Kong was easy, the troubles that would come afterwards would be hard to deal with.

"Has the rules in the auction been altered?" Su Ming asked calmly.

"We have already made arrangements," Lie Shan Kang Jiu quickly said.

"When Dao Kong disappears, I will need you to… buy the time to take thirty breaths." Su Ming lifted his right hand and swung it at the screen of light, which immediately distorted and revealed the sights of the world outside. At the same time, the sounds from the area outside once again reached his ears.

"... As a sign of gratitude for all of you fellow Daoists who attended Black Ink Auction, this time, all of the three greatest families and all other families within Black Ink Planet have made some changes in the rules of the auction.

"Do not worry, everyone. This change in the rules is incredibly beneficial for all of you.

"In the past, only when the auction had ended would we send the items you bought in the auction to you. However, this time, we have changed the rules. The moment you buy an item, it will be immediately delivered to your hands.

"Because of this, if you want to leave early, it will be much easier for you to do so. This matter has been mentioned by quite a number of Daoists in the past, and this time, the families in Black Ink Planet have decided to implement this suggestion."

Su Ming watched the auction outside and listened to the noise with his usual calm expression.

Lie Shan Kang Jiu looked as if he wanted to say something as he stood by the side, but in the end, he chose to obey Su Ming's words. He nodded, announced his leave, and left.

Su Ming's heart was calm at that moment. Everything was going according to his plan. Right then, all he needed was to wait for the fish to take the bait, and he would obtain his third clone… his cultivation base clone!

Su Ming narrowed his eyes and waited silently.

He looked at the items put on auction and listened to the intense cries from the people as they placed their bids. Their voices rose and fell, and the world seem to bubble with excitement because of them.

Up to that point, not a single sound calling out a bid came from the room in which Dao Kong stayed, but Su Ming was not in a hurry.

When noon arrived, the sun in the sky shone brilliantly. When another item was brought out and plenty of voices called out to place their bids, Su Ming heard a woman placing a bid from Dao Kong's room.

"Get ready," Su Ming said flatly.

The thirteen Progenitors from the Yu Family immediately sported solemn expressions on their faces. They swiftly sat down and surrounded Su Ming, forming a circle that was one hundred something feet big.

With brightly burning eyes, they started circulating their cultivation bases.

As for Yu Rou, she moved back and sat down by the door of the room. Her duty was to prevent all people from entering. By her side was the Duke of Crimson Flame. He would be defending that door with her.
