# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 701

A considerable distance away from Evil Spirit Sect was a long mountain range. At that moment, there was a monkey-faced middle-aged man in the forest located at the foot of the mountain. He was walking carefully. As he continued onwards, he observed his surroundings carefully, as if he was going to run with the wind at the slightest scare.

That person was Qian Chen.

His face was beaten black and blue, and he looked incredibly pathetic. His robes were also in tatters, making it seem as if he had gone through a lot of suffering.

It was unknown as to what sort of attack he had suffered. At that moment, with panic on his nervous face, he moved forward carefully. There were two long arcs charging forth in his direction about thousands of feet away from him. These two long arcs were Berserkers. One of them seemed to be around the middle stage of the Awakening Realm, and the other was in the initial stage of the Bone Sacrifice Realm. The two were only passing through the place. The long arcs did not stop for even a moment as they continued charging forward, about to move past the area.

During the past few days, as the Berserkers rose in power, long arcs like this had appeared in many places over the Eastern Wastelands. They would either be rushing to some place, gathering together, or searching for something.

Since the Immortals had closed their gates to their sects, few of them could be found moving about. However, there were some scattered ones here and there who would occasionally be discovered by Berserkers, and once they found these Immortals, a slaughter would occur.

At the instant Qian Chen saw the two long arcs in the sky, his eyes widened. If he fell to the ground and pretended to be dead or crouched down and hid in the bushes, then perhaps he would not be discovered. After all, these two Berserkers were just passing by, and they were traveling quite quickly.

But he seemed to be too scared. Perhaps what he experienced during the last days had caused him to be like a burnt child that dreaded fire. At the instant he saw the two long arcs, he let out a shrill scream and jumped up before running into the forest, still screaming.

The two long arcs in the sky had originally passed by the area where Qian Chen was, not noticing his existence, but once he screamed, they came to an abrupt halt. The eyes of the two Berserkers immediately shone, and they looked swiftly towards the ground. Their gazes penetrated through the big leaves, and they saw the rapidly fleeing Qian Chen.

"Immortal!"

The two people cast each other a glance, having immediately found something off about Qian Chen. The ripples of power and presence that came from him gave a sensation as if he was an Immortal. Qian Chen had not sent that presence outwards earlier, but as he continued charging forward, he seemed to have lost control over it, and he was letting it out in a large area.

Immediately, the two Berserkers changed their direction and charged towards the fleeing Immortal in the forest.

Cold sweat broke out on Qian Chen's forehead. The look of panic on his face made it seem as if he was about to be scared to death at any second. As he shivered, he swiftly ran forward, but every single time he increased his speed slightly, he would trip over the roots in the forest, allowing the two Berserkers to close in on him. Right at the instant they were less than a hundred feet away from Qian Chen…

A cold harrumph came from the forest. An incredibly powerful presence swept through the world, making it lose its color. Then, that presence turned into a mighty pressure and descended with a bang.

That pressure was incredibly domineering, and it was rich with the presence of a Berserker who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm. It was enough to make all those who sensed it to feel their hearts tremble.

"How dare a puny Immortal like you trespass into my isolation grounds?!"

When an old voice reverberated through the air, the two Berserkers who were chasing after Qian Chen immediately changed their expressions. The two of them stopped and wrapped their fists in their palms before bowing towards the forest with respect and zealousness on their faces.

Almost at the moment these two people bowed in the direction of the forest, an old man dressed in white robes and with a head full of white walked out from the depths with a face as if he was afraid no one could see just how noble he was.

The old man had rosy-colored cheeks. Once he appeared, his presence grew stronger and shook the sky and earth, causing the air around him to distort.

Qian Chen looked as if he could no longer continue running under that pressure and shivered. He was struck dumb as he stared with a blank look on his face at the old man walking towards him.

The old man had an awe-inspiring appearance. When he got closer, he cast Qian Chen a glance with a gaze like lightning. He then lifted his right hand and pointed towards Qian Chen through the air. That one single point of his finger was done quietly, and not a single spark could be seen. There was not even a single ripple of power that traveled out. He seemed to only have pointed casually at Qian Chen.

Even the two Berserkers had not sensed anything. Even if one of them had reached the initial stage of the Bone Sacrifice Realm, he had been unable to see anything off about that one finger. To him, not a single divine ability had been used.

However… Qian Chen let out an incredibly shrill scream of pain at that instant, even though that old man had pointed at him when there was a hundred something feet between them. As he shuddered, he coughed up a huge mouthful of blood and seized his own throat with his hands. His face instantly turned purple, and he fell to the ground. After a few spasms, he stopped moving.

This sudden scene caused the two Berserkers' hearts to shudder and then begin racing. Shock and fanaticism appeared in their eyes as they looked at the old man. Even if the Immortal who had died had not possessed a high level of cultivation, that one single finger from this senior of their race had definitely contained a power that could change the world, or else he would definitely not have been able to kill that person without a single ripple of power.

The mighty pressure that could make others suffocate spread out from his body and that one point that contained power that could change the world were enough to cause fanatic looks to appear on the two Berserkers' faces.

"I am White Phoenix Tribe's Apu. Greetings, senior."

"I am White Phoenix Tribe's Lin Duo. Greetings, senior."

The two Berserkers bowed deeply towards the old man with respectful looks on their faces.

"I see, so you are the descendants of White Phoenix Tribe. Not bad, you two are quite young, but your levels of cultivation are not bad at all." The old man stroked his beard, and a faint smile appeared on his face when he nodded towards the duo.

"Senior, you know of our tribe? Are you perhaps an old friend of our tribe?" the Berserker in Bone Sacrifice Realm immediately asked with a wrapped fist. His expression grew even more respectful.

"I remember having gone to White Phoenix Tribe many years ago. At that time, your Elder was the second Elder in your tribe…" A nostalgic look appeared on the old man's face, and he looked quite sentimental.

The two Berserkers immediately sucked in a sharp breath from his words. They stared at the old man blankly while a huge storm raged in their hearts. If anyone else had said these words, they would have surely not believed them. However, when this powerful old monster said it, the two of them chose to believe him, especially when that vast presence of his made it clear that he was a Berserker who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm and possessed that one attack that contained the power that could change the world.

"Our second Elder… was… He is from five thousand something years ago…" The young man in the Awakening Realm had a slight quiver in his voice. He looked to be burning with extreme zeal.

"Let's not talk about the past. I've been in isolation for far too long. By the way, why did you two appear here while chasing after this Immortal?" The old man shook his head, as if he did not want to remember the past.

"Senior, the two of us have received orders to gather outside Evil Spirit Sect to keep an eye on it with the other tribes. When we passed by this place, we saw this Immortal snooping around, that's why we wanted to kill him." The two Berserkers did not hesitate and spoke obediently without holding anything back.

"Keeping an eye on Evil Spirit Sect?" The old man cast the two Berserkers a look.

"Senior, you've been in isolation for many years in this place, so you must surely not know about what had happened recently in the land of Berserkers. The God of Berserkers appeared a year ago. He set all the Berserkers' blood on fire and made us rise in power. He also swore to chase away all the Immortals in the land of Berserkers."

"Something like this happened?!" A stern expression immediately appeared on the old man's face. "Is what the two of you said really true?"

"It is absolutely true. We wouldn't dare lie to you, senior," the two Berserkers quickly said.

A glint appeared in the old man's eyes. In silence, he placed his hands behind his back and paced up and down a few times with a pensive look on his face. After a moment, he stopped moving and lifted his head to cast a look at the two Berserkers.

"This is too grave a matter. I cannot continue isolating myself like this. I will have to search for some old friends to ascertain this. Do not tell anyone about meeting me, even if it's your Elder," the old man said languidly.

The two Berserkers immediately lowered their heads and voiced their obedience.

"Also, I've been in isolation for far too long and I haven't ventured out in many years. I'm not entirely certain of the changes in the world. How about this? Give me all your stone coins as a deposit. If what you said is true, then I will return you your money when I go to White Phoenix Tribe. If you dare deceive me… Heh heh," the old man stated flatly with his hands still behind his back.

The two Berserkers were momentarily stunned before doubt appeared in their hearts, but once they remembered the old man's level of cultivation, they quickly brought out their storage bags and took out all their stone coins inside, placing them on the ground before the old man respectfully.

The old man waved his arm, and the sparkling spirit stones immediately disappeared without a trace. He nodded his head while looking as calm as ever.

"Alright, you can go now. I'll be off to verify whether what you said is true or not."

There were slightly odd looks on the Berserkers' faces, but they did not dare say too much. Once they wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed towards him, they quickly turned into long arcs and left. While they were in midair, they cast each other a look, and both thought of something the elderly in their tribe had said, which turned out to be incredibly accurate.

The higher their levels of cultivation, the stranger people became...

Once the two Berserkers left, that presence of a powerful person immediately disappeared from the old man in the forest. As his eyes sparkled, he brought out the spirit stones and bit down on them with a face full of smiles. He looked incredibly pleased with himself.

As for Qian Chen, who had coughed up blood previously and seemed to have died, he slowly crawled up to his feet and stared at the old man with wide eyes. This was not the first time he had done this sort of thing. Over the past year, he had done this a dozen something times.

Ever since he was on his way to Evil Spirit Sect and accidentally, coincidentally… ran into this old man and was robbed blind, his world had changed…

"Grandpa Crane… When… When are we going to Evil Spirit Sect..?" Qian Chen looked glum, but he still had to put on an obsequious look.

"Why are you in such a hurry? Once we have a hundred thousand spirit stones, I'll let you go to Evil Spirit Sect. Wait a little longer. Oh! Another fat lamb is about to arrive! Little Chen, we have more business to attend to!" The old man's spirits lifted when he looked into the distance.
