# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 704

This was the first time Su Ming stepped into Eastern Wastelands Tower's ninth layer. Almost at the instant he found himself there, the Eastern Wastelands Tower started shuddering, and layers of light surrounded the tower before they swiftly spread out in all directions.

As they did so, the first layer of Eastern Wastelands Tower lit up, followed suit by the second layer, then the third… up to the eighth layer. All of them began to shine with a powerful light. As for the ninth layer, it was in a state between being bright and dark, transforming rapidly.

There were ripples of light all around the tower. If anyone looked closely, they would find that there were eight light circles. These eight circles meant that Su Ming had went through the eight layers of the tower. At the instant he stepped into the ninth layer, those circles of light had erupted forth.

Clearly, the ninth layer was a boundary line. Those who were unable to step into the ninth layer could not bring out such a change to the tower. Only those who had the ability to get into the ninth layer would make Eastern Wastelands Tower erupt with such powerful light.

That light instantly covered the entire Eastern Wastelands, and even showed signs of spreading even further. Almost in an instant, all the Berserkers in Eastern Wastelands immediately stopped whatever they were doing and lifted their heads. Their attention was attracted solely by the eight ripples of light spreading through the sky.

Even Qian Chen, who was pretending to be dead in the forest, instinctively opened his eyes and blankly looked at the ripples in the sky. The old man who was really the bald crane and was chatting with the three Berserkers was also stunned by the sight. The three young men before him were the same.

All the Berserkers on the land of Berserkers who saw the light circles in the sky immediately felt their blood boiling after a year it had laid dormant!

That burn in their blood was due to their God of Berserkers. It was a faint guide leading them to their God.

"God of Berserkers! It's the God of Berserkers!"

"The God of Berserkers has returned!"

At that instant, loud booming sounds surged into the sky from all directions in the land of Berserkers. All Berserkers had been searching for Su Ming for a whole year, all throughout the Eastern Wastelands.

They had been unable to find any trace of their God during that one year, but they did not give up. They continued expanding their search area and continued looking. They believed that their God of Berserkers had not died and trusted that he was still with them.

At that moment, at the instant they felt their blood guiding them towards their God, excited cries erupted from all the corners of Eastern Wastelands. Long arcs charged up from the ground and rushed in the direction the layers of ripples had come from.

It was especially so for the Berserkers and tribes who were close to Eastern Wastelands Tower. During that instant, as their hearts trembled, they saw the source of the ripples of light - the brightly lit eight layers of Eastern Wastelands Tower.

"The God of Berserkers is in Eastern Wastelands Tower!"

Excited cries reverberated in the air. Those who were closer to the tower immediately rushed forth at full speed.

Eastern Wastelands' Chi Lei Tian, Xue Sha, Goldenrain Mountain Tribe's Elder, Wu Shuang, the Great Clan Elder of All Entities Clan, Tian Qi, and the others were in different locations working diligently for the Berserkers' rise in power. When the ripples of light echoed in the sky, they lifted their heads, turned into long arcs, and charged towards them.

Fated Kin had gathered together after they sensed Su Ming's presence a year ago. They were not too far away from the spot where the Immortals had descended, lingering around. They did not mix with the other tribes, but chose to live independently.

They were unique. They did not mingle with other people. They were Fated Kin!

It was as if they had returned to their form of life when they were in the World of Nine Yin. However, they were no longer in constant danger. During that one year, the region where they had made their home was continuously transformed and gradually changed into a suitable place where Fated Kin could bring forth even stronger combat abilities.

They had also been searching for Su Ming, their Respected Senior Mo. Now, at the instant the ripples of light reverberated in the air, all Fated Kin stood up in excitement and turned into long arcs that charged through the air towards Eastern Wastelands Tower.

This was an act committed by all Berserkers in Eastern Wastelands and most of what the Berserkers in the islands in South Morning did. An innumerable amount of Berserkers charged through the air, and their goal was similar—all of them were heading towards Eastern Wastelands Tower!

Su Ming did not know of the excitement in the world outside. At that moment he was standing at the ninth layer of Eastern Wastelands. There was an incredibly dense layer of golden light around him, and there was a wisp of World Plane's presence within that golden light as it surrounded Su Ming, resulting in his body being only faintly visible within that presence.

As the World Plane's presence surrounded and continuously surged into him, Su Ming closed his eyes and circulated his cultivation base to swiftly absorb that presence so that he could turn it into the power of his own Life Matrix.

This was Eastern Wastelands Tower's serendipity, and this was the ninth time Su Ming had obtained a serendipity here. When he first moved into the first layer of Eastern Wastelands Tower, he had received its serendipity for the first time. He had been critically wounded at the time, and due to the tower he was able to heal his injuries. Then, as he moved through each layer, he had gradually come to understand this place.

This was a tower that had been sealed for ages. Only the first person who got past each layer would be able to receive its serendipity.

Right then, Su Ming was the only person within Eastern Wastelands Tower!

When he opened his eyes after some time, his body was filled with a spiritual air. He stood there and quietly sensed his cultivation base. The World Plane's power in the ninth layer far surpassed the previous eight layers. The amount he absorbed this time brought quite a lot of nourishment for his cultivation base.

'I'm still a slight distance away from reaching the pinnacle of the initial stage of Life Matrix, but if I continue this way and move through a few more layers, then perhaps I'll be able to reach it.'

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath of the World Plane's presence within the golden light, then lifted his foot and walked out of the center of the ninth layer.

At the instant he did so, his vision immediately became indistinct. When everything cleared out, a tall mountain appeared before his eyes.

This mountain was incredibly tall. The tip of it could not be seen clearly in the blue sky, endless clouds hiding the summit away.

There was a river in the sky right behind that mountain. It was huge and stretched endlessly into the horizon. It was connected to the earth, and waves of water poured down to the land like a waterfall. However, that water would turn back further down in the distance and charge back to the sky to fuse back into the river, making the river in the sky flow in a cycle.

Su Ming stood far away from that place, but he could still hear the rushing sounds of the water flowing in that river.

However, since the mountain was too tall and hid most of the river from view, Su Ming could only see a small part of it and not the whole thing.

One mountain, one river, and a desert.

That desert covered the entire land, and the sand that was swept up brought with it moaning sounds that reverberated in all directions. It covered the mountain and river in Su Ming's eyes.

This was the ninth layer of Eastern Wastelands Tower.

"Eastern Wastelands Tower's ninth layer. One mountain, one river, one desert… You who came to this place can activate all your power and destroy everything here. You can also choose to understand the conception of this place and break through it naturally.

"You have two choices. Two paths," a buzzing voice stated, reverberating from all directions. There was a feeling of age to that voice, as if it had been here for a very long time.

This was not the first time Su Ming had heard this voice. When a person reached a new layer for the first time, they would always hear this voice. If they went down and returned back to it, the voice would not speak up again.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He took a step forward and disappeared within the span of a breath. When he reappeared, he was already standing on a mountain rock jutting out of the middle section of the mountain. As he stood there, he looked into the distance, and the river appeared clearly before his eyes.

The river in the sky was incredibly huge. The rushing of water spread in all directions… but the water itself looked incredibly far away, and Su Ming did not feel as if he'd gotten any closer or made any significant changes to the distance between him and the river when he had moved from the center of the ninth layer.

In silence, Su Ming lifted his head and looked at the mountain. He turned into a long arc and charged towards the top.

Time trickled by slowly. An hour later, Su Ming frowned. He… was still on the mountain. When he lifted his head, the summit was still hidden in the clouds. Even if he had already reached the higher parts of the mountain, he could not move to its top.

After a moment of pensive silence, Su Ming lowered his head and looked at the ground. After some time, his pupils constricted.

"There is no end to this mountain…" he mumbled. The mountain seemed to be very tall when he looked at it previously, yet once he stepped on it, he had managed to find some clues about it. There was no end to this mountain. With every set amount of distance he traveled up, the mountain would stretch and grow.

Because of this, it had no end and no summit.

After a brief period of silence, Su Ming turned into a long arc and left the mountain and charged towards the river before him. Yet no matter how fast he traveled, the river remained as far in the distance as it had been before. It was as if the area between them would continuously lengthen as Su Ming moved in its direction, just like the mountain's height.

Su Ming had seen a scene like this before, at the altar behind Fated Kin's mountain when they were in the World of Nine Yin. That altar would forever remain before him, and no matter how quickly he traveled, he would never be able to catch up to it.

Su Ming might have managed to conquer the altar under the old Spirit of Nine Yin's guidance, but the level of depth and sophistication within the mountain and river far surpassed the World of Nine Yin's altar based on what Su Ming could see with his current level of cultivation.

He gradually stopped chasing after the river and slowly went down until he landed on the desert. He sat down on the ground and looked at the sand underneath him.

He could sense that there was a deep meaning contained within the mountain, river, the desert. If he could understand that meaning, then his understanding towards Life would become much deeper.

'Lie Shan Xiu… you turned the Eastern Wastelands Tower's appearance into a blatant plot to make Immortals fight among themselves, allowing Berserkers to obtain hope to rise in power.

'To Immortals, this tower would give what they desire. You left your epiphany towards Plane Timelines at the top, but to the Berserkers, this Eastern Wastelands Tower is a place to help them increase their level of cultivation and also a place for them to train.

'You left the cultivation methods for Evil Spirits and Surging Indulgers in the previous eight layers in the manner of brief introductions before you moved on to more in-depth introductions. You also introduced these two races in the sixth layer. You must have your own reasons for doing so…'

A pensive look appeared in Su Ming's eyes. After some time, he closed his eyes and went on to silently sense the mountain, river, and desert within Eastern Wastelands Tower's ninth layer.

Time trickled by...
