# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 706

More Berserkers gathered outside Eastern Wastelands Tower. When Xue Sha and the rest also arrived, they saw that there were already no less than hundreds of thousands of Berserkers gathered outside Eastern Wastelands Tower. And there were even more Berserkers that were charging towards the place from all directions in the sky.

The breathing and zealousness from those hundreds of thousands of people had turned into a shocking presence. This presence was like the stars surrounding the moon that was Eastern Wastelands Tower. A wave of madness that was enough to terrify all races erupted from their bodies.

The source of their madness was their blood, and the reason for their blood falling into madness was the ninth light circle in the sky. That blood-red light circle contained Su Ming's understanding, and it was a murderous will that even the epiphany left behind by the first God of Berserkers could not fight against.

The murderous aura surrounded the entire land of Berserkers, and there were even some excited roars stirred up by Su Ming's light circle within Yin Death Vortex, which was now hidden away by the newly returned blue sky.

Many roars reverberated in the air. Some of the ferocious beasts inside even looked as if they were about to rush out of the fog. They lingered about the edge, but they managed to control themselves and did not truly rush into the land of Berserkers.

As the fog tumbled about, the three old voices within the depths of the fog were also roaring.

"It's that boy's presence! That's right, it's his presence… It's the presence that belongs to this generation's God of Berserkers!"

"This is a blood-red murderous will... What shocking murderous will… I can even see that blood-red world within this murderous will. What a beautiful world…"

"I like this boy. I like people who have this sort of murderous aura. If I knew he was like this, I wouldn't have let those damn Immortals take him away all those years ago. I would have brought him into Yin Death's Holy Land and made him a sacred child within Yin Death Region!"

At the same time these three voices roared, an incredibly domineering divine will that was even older than theirs and located deeper within Yin Death Fog charged towards them while sweeping up the fog around the area before pushing down on the three divine senses.

"Shut up!"

There was a murderous aura contained within the old voice. When it reverberated in the air, the three divine senses instantly fell dead silent.

"I can sense a familiar ripple of power from his body. It's the ripple of power that belongs to the promise Lie Shan Xiu made with Yin Death World all those years ago! It's the call for Evil Spirits' guards and Surging Indulgers' murderous fiends.

"That ripple of power is still not powerful. Observe him constantly. When that ripple of power has become strong enough to call for us, bring him immediately to see me. That boy Lie Shan Xiu brought Yin Death World's mission with him when he left, and he was supposed to help us find the path that led to the fifth Great True World. As for us, we were supposed to listen to the orders of the one who could bring up these ripples.

"But Lie Shan Xiu had not said that the one who will be causing these ripples would just be one person. He had been talking about all the Berserkers gathering together. It's slightly off his predictions. Regardless, after Lie Shan Xiu left, the ripples of the call for the promise had only come from this person. Then… it must be him!"

Yin Death Fog tumbled about violently as the old man spoke. There were two other vortices within the depths of the fog. These two vortices were still and did not move. They were hidden deep and were appearing vaguely as the fog tumbled about. There seemed to be a continent lying within one of those still vortices.

The ground in that continent was black, and even the sky there was dark. Occasionally, red bolts of lightning would flash by the sky and illuminate the world so that it would be slightly more visible, allowing people to be able to somewhat see that there were a hundred thousand people in black armor sitting cross-legged on that continent.

These people were sitting with closed eyes and looked as if they had been asleep for several years. They were all about thirty feet tall and there were ferocious faces of malicious spirits on their countenances. These faces all looked like masks.

If Su Ming was there, he would immediately be able to sense clearly that the presence spreading out from their bodies belonged to Evil Spirits, which he had managed to master when he was within the first eight layers of Eastern Wastelands Tower.

There was also a continent within the other still vortex. However, the earth in that continent was crimson red, and it was the same for its sky, but occasionally, black bolts of lightning would appear, submerging the land in darkness. There were also a hundred thousand people sitting cross-legged on the ground there with their eyes shut, wearing red armor. Any person would be able to see that their bodies were all just skin and bones. Waves of red light surrounded them, making them look incredibly bizarre.

They were the Surging Indulgers!

Since ancient times, the warriors of these two races had lain dormant in these places and continued sleeping within the vortices. They waited for the day the person who could wake them up would arrive. At the instant the blood-red light from Eastern Wastelands Tower's ninth layer reverberated in the air throughout the land of Berserkers and sent Su Ming's will to all corners of the world, the eyes of the two hundred warriors within the two vortices fluttered, as if they were about to open their eyes.

However, the call from the promise was still incredibly weak. That was why after that light fluttering, their eyes fell shut once more.

As the light circle from Eastern Wastelands Tower swept through the world of Berserkers, as Berserkers who numbered to more than hundreds of thousands worshiped in zealous ardor, and as golden light flashed at the center of Eastern Wastelands Tower's first layer, Su Ming appeared.

His whole body was filled with a murderous aura. His understanding towards making his heart no longer be in a state of stillness and his desire for autumn had caused a tremendous change within him once he left the ninth layer.

There was no outsider interfering with this change, neither was there any other beings offering any sort of guidance. This was Su Ming's own understanding, and it was born of his own will.

'Autumn's color…'

Su Ming licked his lips. A strange and enchanting glare appeared in his eyes, and he walked slowly towards the killing sword. As he closed in on the blade, it immediately started shuddering, as if it had sensed that there was something off about Su Ming. It could sense that the person seemed to have transformed into somebody else compared to his past self.

Su Ming's murderous will far surpassed the killing sword's own, and it to let out a mournful whistle as it shuddered.

Su Ming lifted his right hand and slowly took hold of the sword's hilt.

"I'll ask you one last time, will you submit to me?!"

The killing sword trembled viciously in Su Ming's hands. Golden light flashed on the blade, and blue light emerged, then transformed into a small blue humanoid. That small humanoid was incredibly weakened, and once it appeared, it looked at Su Ming with terrified eyes. It could sense that even though Su Ming did not seem incredibly powerful right then, there was a presence around him that made even the sword spirit tremble. That presence made it seem as if this person had awakened the unknown…

"You are a killing sword. You should love killing, but all your slaughter is for death. All your slaughter is a form of worship towards death, and I… symbolize death," Su Ming stated languidly. At that instant, his spirit seemed to have risen, causing that awakened presence which made the sword tremble to become even stronger.

At the same time, at the spot where Su Ming's physical body was located at the center of the endless continents surrounding him in multiple layers, a wave of death abruptly erupted from his physical body with a bang. The outburst of that presence made the sharp needles that had sunk deep into the body to be pushed out a little, as if they could not contain that presence in his body.

The hearts of all powerful warriors in the land of Immortals shuddered at that instant. Long arcs charged forth and Relocation Runes were activated—everyone was rushing towards the place where Su Ming's body was located.

"Abyss' Awakening… This is Abyss' Awakening!"

An old man with a head full of white hair stepped into a Relocation Rune with terror on his face.
