# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 707

At the time many Immortals rushed towards the large number of floating continents in the galaxy using various methods, the corpse that had given Su Ming an incredibly strong feeling lying on the altar suddenly erupted with a presence that made all the Immortals anxious.

The sharp needles on the corpse were crawling out madly, and by the looks of it, they would soon charge out of the body completely, resulting in no seal being able to hold down the corpse.

A strange mark appeared at the center of the corpse's brows. That mark looked like a dried-up leaf, but as it shone, it gave off a false impression that it was about to regain its life force.

Cracking sounds rang in the air as lines appeared on the altar. Those cracks were spreading in all directions, until they covered the whole ground. As the corpse's presence grew stronger, a bang rang in the air, and nearly a third of the needles in the corpse were forced out, shattering into dust in midair.

Right at the moment more needles were about to be forced out, long arcs arrived next to the corpse, and light from Runes shone beside it. Some people had even torn space itself to reach it. There were nine people who arrived!

These people had either arrived in the form of long arcs, via Relocation, or had torn through space. They were shrouded by fog and their faces could not be seen clearly, but at the time they closed in on the corpse, all of them let out a shout at the same time.

The shouts by these people turned into a wave of sound that surged towards the corpse. The nine people then lifted their right hands and formed a seal before pushing at nine different spots on the corpse.

At the same time, a violent shudder wrecked through these nine people's bodies when they started suppressing the corpse.

While these Immortals were doing so, more people continuously arrived to the area around Eastern Wastelands Tower. They numbered between four to five hundred thousand, and they were kneeling around the area and worshipping the tower that was shining with the light circles.

Su Ming stood calmly within Eastern Wastelands Tower and held the killing sword in his right hand. There was an indifferent expression on his face, but there was a terrifying wave of murderous intent that was erupting continuously from the depths of his soul.

The killing sword trembled violently in his hand. The awakened presence that terrified it eventually made it let out a submissive cry. As that cry echoed in the air, the final sliver of blue light disappeared, and once it was completely replaced by golden light, the sword let out a piercing light in Su Ming's hand.

Su Ming let go of the hilt and pointed towards the killing sword. It instantly charged towards his right index finger, turning smaller as it came and making it seem as if there was golden light surrounding Su Ming's right index finger. When that golden light scattered away after a moment, a sharp golden nail was added to the tip of the fingernail.

At that moment, after being pushed into an incredibly pathetic state that he had even spared no pains in lighting his soul on fire more than a year ago, Su Ming made the sword submit to him! By borrowing the awe-inspiring might of Eastern Wastelands Tower, he had managed to do so using the awakening of his soul after he understood the bloody meaning behind autumn, as well as managing to gain a hazy notion of something!

"I… like red…" Su Ming whispered softly, then lifted his right hand and pushed against the door of Eastern Wastelands Tower.

With it, booming sounds came from the gate, and it slowly swung open. At the moment it opened, an endless amount of golden light charged out and shook the entire land. During that instant, excited roars came into the tower from the world outside.

Su Ming walked out calmly. When he moved out of Eastern Wastelands Tower enveloped by the golden light, he saw an endless amount of excited Berserkers.

His statue of the God of Berserkers manifested in midair at that time, the ten thousand feet statue appearing erect in the world. The presence of Life Cultivation spread out from it, the mighty pressure that made all the Berserkers' blood boil, and it told all of the Berserkers one thing—Su Ming was… the God of Berserkers they had been searching for over the past year!

"Greeting, God of Berserkers!"

"Greeting, God of Berserkers!"

"Greeting, God of Berserkers!"

The rise and fall of the voices that belonged to the four to five hundred thousand people fused together, turning into a shocking roar and the Berserkers' will. It became the Berserkers' soul, and as it reverberated in the air, all the people shouted at the top of their lungs. The excited cries could intimidate even the heavens themselves, bring the earth to submission, cause hearts to shake, and make souls roar!

Su Ming stood outside Eastern Wastelands Tower silently and looked at all the excited eyes staring at him. Roars that surged into the sky reached his ears. Within this wave of sound and amid the Berserkers' excitement, a strange form of resonance gradually took shape, tying his heart together with these people.

This resonance was a feeling that could not be described with words. It was as if Su Ming could make these people move with just one word. Even if he wanted them to blast the sky open, they would not hesitate to do so.

It was as if Su Ming was their God at this instant. Or perhaps not just for this instant but for all eternity.

Su Ming closed his eyes. After a moment, the waves of sound traveling into his ears increased, and they showed no sign of stopping. When they grew so loud as if they were about to turn the world upside down, he opened his eyes and slowly said, "I want to slaughter my way to the Immortals' territory."

His voice was not loud, but even in the mid of the roars let out by the four to five hundred thousand people, his voice still spread in all directions and reverberated over the whole land.

As his voice traveled forth, all the Berserkers in the area, including the old men like Xue Sha and Tian Qi, found themselves unable to contain their excitement.

"Slaughter our way to the Immortals' territory!" This was the cry shared by all the people in the land. Their merged voices could terrify even ghosts and deities, and they could make all living beings tremble because of it.

"I want to kill all Immortals in the land of Berserkers!" Su Ming swung his arm, and his voice grew slightly louder.

"Kill all Immortals in the land of Berserkers!" All the Berserkers in the area stood up and shouted at the sky. A crazed killing intent erupted from their bodies at that instant.

"I want to dye the Immortals' galaxy red!" Su Ming took a step forward and rose swiftly in midair. As his voice spread out, he was answered by the crazed roars of the four to five hundred thousand Berserkers.

"Dye the Immortals' galaxy red!" Roars that surpassed the cries of thunder gathered together like a sword that was drawn out of its scabbard. It gathered the Berserkers' uprisal and charged into the sky to stir the heavens. It even made all the ferocious spirits in Yin Death Fog fall silent.

At that instant, as those people shrouded by fog suppressed Su Ming's physical body at the center of all the floating continents in the Immortals' galaxy, another third of all the needles charged out of his body and exploded in midair.

It made the nine people suppressing him cough up blood. As they tumbled backwards, all of them let out low growls and forced their bodies to stop moving back. At the instant they moved to suppress the corpse once again, nine distorted illusions appeared behind them.

Projections of a world could be seen within the distorted illusions behind each of these people. Those were worlds from nine directions, and within each world, an endless number of Immortals could be seen meditating. They were offering up all their power and sending it through the projected illusions.

"Send out my orders and tell the Immortals in other other nine worlds to suppress the change in Destiny's physical body! If they don't send someone soon and suppress him, the nine of us will not be able to handle him!"

One of the nine let out a low shout as they all borrowed the powers of their worlds to suppress Su Ming's physical body, preventing the needles in his body from being able to leave his flesh.

Almost at the same time these nine people suppressed the corpse once again, shocking roars echoed through Eastern Wastelands. As the four to five hundred thousand people howled, Su Ming lifted his head and looked at the sky while standing beside Eastern Wastelands Tower. His gaze seemed to be able to see through the sky and Yin Death Region, making him able to see the Immortals' galaxy, which existed beyond the mirror.

"I am the God of Berserkers! I will lead all Berserkers and dye the Immortals' sky red with their blood!" Su Ming did not just say these words, but lifted his head and roared them at the sky. With it, all the Berserkers in the area did the same thing and let out roars that shook the sky. All their wills were gathered on Su Ming at that instant, and he had a feeling that he could fuse with the world of Berserkers.

As some part of his soul awakened, as he understood the meaning of autumn, and as the Berserkers' will fused together, Su Ming's cultivation base erupted with a bang.

Once that happened, red gradually appeared in the sky. The rivers on the ground seemed to have also been dyed by that color during that instant and gained a red glow.

At the spot where Su Ming's physical body was, once his cultivation base erupted, all the needles that had sunk into him once again due to the suppression shuddered, looking as if they wanted to surge out. The expressions on the nine people's faces changed drastically where they stood around the body.

At that moment, a tyrannical and powerful divine sense came charging forward with a bang, tearing through space to appear right above Su Ming's physical body. Whoever it was lifted his or her right hand and pushed down swiftly. Soon after, a divine sense with an ancient and old presence charged through the torn space and pushed down on Su Ming's physical body.

If anyone took a look here, then they would see that there were nearly a hundred Immortals who had gathered around to suppress the sealed body, and all of them possessed incredibly powerful might.

As the light from the Runes shone, a divine sense that surpassed that of all the divine senses belonging to the people in the area tore through space from somewhere and arrived with a bang, suppressing Su Ming's physical body.

"Abyss' Awakening..? Hmph! Even if he awakened, he would still have to forever pay tribute to us Immortals."

Under the suppression from the various powerful and mighty presences among the Immortals as well as some ancient existences, Su Ming's physical body gradually calmed down. The mark of the dried leaf at the center of his brows disappeared, and he stopped moving.

Su Ming could not sense any of what happened in the land of Immortals while he remained in the land of Berserkers. However, at the moment his body was finally suppressed, he felt as if a huge stone was pressed down against his heart, and his hate for all Immortals erupted forth even greater than before.

He had a strong feeling that there was only a little left before his cultivation base would move into the middle stage of Life Matrix. This sliver of difference would need the world to run crimson, requiring an endless amount of blood and lives.
