# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 708

Su Ming no longer attempted to clear the other layers of Eastern Wastelands Tower. He left seeking the answer for the things after the ninth layer to the future, because he had far too many things he needed to do at the moment and did not have the time to stay in the tower. By his predictions, if he wanted to gain a complete epiphany towards Eastern Wastelands Tower, not only would he require a level of cultivation higher than his current one, he would also need an endless amount of time.

Su Ming's murderous aura filled his entire being. He wanted to turn the sky red and see autumn to verify his epiphany so that he could enter the middle stage of Life Matrix.

As the four to five hundred thousand Berserkers roared around him, Su Ming cast a glance at the land in the distance. His Atman filled the area, but he was only looking for one thing. It was… his eldest senior brother's statue, located at the spot where the Immortals descended.

That statue was kept in perfect condition at its original spot. There was also Su Ming's protection on that statue, which he had left in secret as he escaped from the killing sword. Su Ming did not believe that his eldest senior brother would just die like this. He absolutely refused to believe it.

In silence, Su Ming averted his gaze. He did not dare to take his eldest senior brother away, because he was uncertain. He did not know whether his actions would bring more harm to his eldest senior brother.

'Eldest senior brother, I'll make you wake up…'

Su Ming lifted his head. When he swept his gaze past Fated Kin, he nodded, then looked towards the world in the distance. As he spread his Atman outwards, he found an Immortals' sect located in that direction - Sky Mist Dao!

This was the biggest sect Sky Mist Dao had in the land of Berserkers. It was also their base within the land of Berserkers. The sect had currently entered seclusion and activated all their great Runes which covered an area of several hundreds of thousands of lis, making the area into an incredibly powerful defense. It would be difficult for Berserkers to move even half an inch forward through the area of the Rune, but the people of Sky Mist Dao could also not venture out.

"Come with me… to destroy the Immortals' sects in the land of Berserkers. Our first target is Sky Mist Dao!"

Su Ming waved his arm, and his voice spread through the whole area in waves. All the Berserkers who heard his words felt their blood boiling. Their eyes turned crimson red, and they let out hoarse roars.

They had been waiting for this day for far too long, and now it had finally arrived. Under the lead of their God of Berserkers, Su Ming, they would sweep through all the Immortal sects in the land of Berserkers, and make their land… become a forbidden ground for Immortals from then onwards!

Tian Qi, Xue Sha, Chi Lei Tian, and the others were the group whose level of cultivation were the highest besides Su Ming. They had witnessed his fight against Di Tian and saw the Immortals' Relocation Rune shatter. At that moment, when they saw Su Ming walking out of Eastern Wastelands Tower and heard his words wanting to destroy all Immortal sects in the land of Berserkers, they flew up without hesitation and wrapped their fists in their palms before Su Ming, worshipping him.

"We are all willing to obey the God of Berserkers' will and are willing to follow the God of Berserkers to destroy the Immortals!"

"We will follow the God of Berserkers and destroy the Immortals!"

The same words escaped the mouths of all Berserkers in the area in the form of crazed roars. Long arcs shot up from the ground and charged into the sky. Those long arcs belonged to the four to five hundred thousand people flying upwards at the same time, and this was a scene that was striking enough to shock all those who saw it.

Su Ming cast a glance at Tian Qi and the others before he took a step towards the sky in the distance. He turned into a long arc and flew right in front of everyone. Tian Qi and the others followed swiftly behind, and right behind them was Su Ming's Fated Kin. With Nan Gong Hen as their leader, they followed closely behind their Respected Senior Mo.

Right at the end were the four to five hundred thousand Berserkers. With a presence that covered the sky, they turned into brilliant arcs that caused a huge shadow to fall on the ground. As they charged forward, they followed Su Ming and rushed towards Sky Mist Dao.

Time passed swiftly. The flight of five hundred thousand people stirred up a huge gust of wind that swept through the world. An endless amount of sand and stone on the ground was swept up. The layers of clouds in the sky were torn apart before they could even get close to the crowd. In the mid of all the moaning sounds from wind that was stirred up due to the charge, the crowd landed right above Sky Mist Dao after a day.

Sky Mist Dao was one of the Immortal sects in Eastern Wastelands, and it occupied a territory of hundreds of thousands of lis. There were eighteen mountains located inside this territory, and there was an innumerable amount of beautiful towers on each of these mountains. They could accommodate hundreds of thousands of disciples to train within them, and a large circular Rune was located on the ground with these eighteen mountains as a basis. The Rune could absorb the spiritual aura from the world so that Immortals could continue training.

It was especially so right then. Once all the Runes in Sky Mist Dao were activated, a thick layer of fog filled the area around it, surrounding the place, and lightning arcs could be seen flashing inside. There were also low growls echoing inside that fog, giving off an air that it did not welcome any forms of life inside.

The fog covered an area of several hundreds of thousands of lis. Besides lightning flashes and low growls, there was also a brilliant light flashing inside that fog. It was the second layer of Sky Mist Dao's Mountain Protection Rune - Ultimate Barrier!

Not only were Sky Mist Dao disciples required to manage the activation of this Ultimate Barrier, it also needed the Rune on the ground to continuously absorb spiritual aura from the ground, supplying itself with the necessary amount of spiritual aura.

South Morning's Sky Mist Barrier was the shrunken version of this Ultimate Barrier. There were also Sky Mist's Immortal guards inside this Ultimate Barrier. All of these Immortal guards were puppets that would obey any command, even it was for them to self-destruct.

There was a third Rune within Sky Mist Dao, right behind that Ultimate Barrier. That Rune's name was Four Sacred Skies. It was one of the core Mountain Protection Runes in Sky Mist Dao. Within it were the four great laws of wind, rain, thunder, and lightning, and they could destroy all those who tried to trespass with brute force.

Besides Four Sacred Skies, Sky Mist Dao had one final Rune, and that was Four Seasons' Destruction! The passage of time contained within the spring, summer, autumn, and winter was embedded within this Rune, and with the lives of all the disciples in Sky Mist Dao as its foundation, it would make the life of the person who moved into the Rune take a turn for the worse by speeding up his life cycle.

After all, even if there were only ten thousand Sky Mist disciples offering a year of their lives, there would still be ten thousand years contained within the Rune, and to many people, these ten thousand years meant that they would immediately become old, turning into skeletons once they stepped into the Four Seasons' Destruction.

As the five hundred thousand long arcs charged through the world beyond Sky Mist Dao and stirred up a huge gust of wind, they swept up and endless amount of sand that crashed into that thick fog around Sky Mist Dao before they even got close.

At the instant sand and fog crashed into each other, shocking booming sounds echoed in the air. Hasty bell chimes immediately traveled through the entire Sky Mist Dao. At the instant the disciples within the eighteen mountains heard the bell chimes, their expressions changed, no matter what they were doing.

The ground trembled due to that booming sound, and the eighteen mountains shuddered together. Long arcs flew up and turned into dozens of people in midair. None of these people had low levels of cultivation, but they were all looking at the sky with pale faces.

"The Berserkers have come! Maintain the Runes at full power! No matter what cost, do not let the Berserkers break through Sky Mist Dao's Runes!"

"All those within Sky Mist Dao, listen well! If you fall into the hands of Berserkers, you will definitely die! Instead of that, it is better to tie your lives to Sky Mist Dao! Besides, there is a possibility that they will not be able to break our Runes! We… still have hope!"

"I've already contacted our sect in the land of Immortals once more! If we persevere, then we will have a chance to live!"

Low shouts that contained either brusque or gentle words reverberated through Sky Mist Dao, and they were all trying to curb the panic among the disciples. Yet a violent bang that sounded as if it was right beside everyone's ears traveled through Sky Mist Dao from the area outside.

That sound caused the eighteen mountains to shake so much that crushed stones started rolling down. Sky Mist Dao's disciples shuddered so much that many of them started bleeding from their eyes, nose, ears, and mouth.

"The first layer of our Runes… has been broken…" A piercing scream shot out among the disciples. At the instant all people turned their gazes towards the sky, they saw…

A young man clad in armor and surrounded entirely by black smoke. With long hair that was black with a tinge of purple, he stood in the sky and sliced down with the sword in his hand. When he did so, an endless amount of thick fog let out a loud bang and tumbled backwards like seawater before disintegrated altogether.

With the killing sword in hand, Su Ming pointed towards Sky Mist Dao, which was now lacking that thick fog.

"Kill them!"

As he roared, the Berserkers who had arrived continuously behind him charged madly towards Sky Mist Dao's second layer of defense. As the fog was torn apart and continued tumbling backwards to reveal Sky Mist Dao, not only did all the disciples in the sect see Su Ming, they also saw the hundreds of thousands of Berserkers behind him. They also saw… the other Berserkers behind the initial hundreds of thousands, whose sheer numbers blotted out the sky and earth, and who were packed so densely together that an end to them could not be seen.

All of the Berserkers' eyes were crimson red, and they were all shining with madness and a hatred towards Immortals that was engraved deep within their bones.

Wu La stood at the second mountain with a pale face. As she looked at Su Ming and all the Berserkers outside the Rune in the sky, her expression changed. Slowly, the complicated look on her face disappeared and was replaced by a sigh. She tightly wrapped her fingers around a pair of bells in her hand.

Tian Lan You's face was also pale as she stood on another mountain, but there was an endless amount of cold spreading out from her. She kept her gaze fixed on Su Ming while another woman stood quietly right next to her. That woman was Tian Lan Meng.

She looked at Su Ming in the sky, and all the memories of the past surfaced in her head. Their initial meeting all those years ago and their journey together as they harbored some fondness for each other, but those possible beautiful moments that might have existed turned to dust due to their separation because of the great war between the the Shamans and Berserkers.

Her hesitation after they reunited in the World of Berserkers caused her to be unable to forget the grief and understanding that had appeared on Su Ming's face at that time.

'Is it fated..?' Tian Lan Meng bit her bottom lip, and tears fell from her eyes.

As the five hundred thousand people charged forward from beyond Sky Mist Dao, Su Ming held the killing sword in his hand and walked towards the second layer of defense. At the same time, in a forest far away from this spot, located near Evil Spirit Sect, Qian Chen found himself lying on the ground and continuing to fake death once again. There was an incredibly beautiful woman in front of him. She was blinking rapidly while eating roasted seeds in her hand and throwing the seed skins on the ground.

There was a huge yellowish brown dog beneath her. That dog was sticking out its tongue lazily and sweeping up those seed skins before swallowing them.

The old man that was really the bald crane was putting on the air of a powerful person and an unfathomable demeanor, as if he was afraid that other people did not know that he was a veteran, and he was chatting away with the woman.

"Are you saying that this God of Berserkers, Su Ming, is your disciple?" The woman's eyes went wide, and she put on a naive expression. There was a look of idolization on her beautiful, petite face.

"I'll have to correct you, lassy. That Su Ming is not my disciple. His father is my disciple in name. So in all, that boy Su Ming could call me his granduncle master.

"There is nothing I don't know about him. What do you want to know? I can tell you," the old man stated, after a small cough.
