# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 709

"How old is that God of Berserkers this year?" The woman blinked and looked at the old man before her with a smile, then placed a seed in her mouth and bit down on it.

"Others might not know about Su Ming, but I know him too well, he's…" As the old man who was actually the transformed bald crane continued chattering away, the huge yellow dog under the woman's feet cast a sideways glance at him before shaking its head. There was a look of pity and compassion on its face when it sashayed its way to Qian Chen, who was pretending to be dead by the side.

As it walked around Qian Chen's body, the yellow mutt stuck out its nose and sniffed him carefully before sticking out its tongue to lick his face a few times. A large amount of slob fell down on Qian Chen face, but he did not dare move.

He could not help but find his heart racing against his chest. He kept his eyes shut tight, but he could still smell the stench coming from that wet tongue. But this was not even the main point, he was actually a person who had descended to the land of Berserkers, and while he was not an Immortal, he still had some unique divine abilities.

None of them were offensive, but he could somewhat see through the true form of certain objects. This divine ability was well liked by the younger disciples of his race, and it was an Art they had to have when they wanted to travel around worlds.

This divine ability would let them find many treasures that other people could not find and allow them to seem as if they possessed Insight. In fact, there were some direct connections between this divine ability and the reason why Qian Chen had been able to use a unique method to descend to the land of Berserkers.

When he first ran into the bald crane, he had used this divine ability and saw that the person he was looking at was actually a transformed bird. The bald crane had then introduced itself as Old Crane, and that was why Qian Chen constantly addressed it as Grandpa Crane and Sir Crane. Only then did the bald crane see how clever he was and dragged him in as its companion.

At that moment, as that mutt continued licking Qian Chen with its tongue, his heart trembled. He had a feeling that there was something off about this mutt. That stench from its mouth made him instinctively execute his divine ability and push his mind slightly outward to look towards the mutt beside him.

Qian Chen was left stunned after his glance. He even opened his eyes wide to look at the mutt in shock. What he saw with his Art was no mutt but a yellow dragon!

And it was a dragon with an incredibly ferocious look. At that moment, the dragon was looking at him and sticking out its huge tongue to lick his face. A large amount of dragon saliva fell on him, and in Qian Chen's eyes, the yellow dragon seemed as if it wanted to swallow him whole.

There was nothing else that could drive Qian Chen into more despair than an evil dragon licking him. Under this extreme terror, his eyes rolled upwards and he fell unconscious. This time, he truly fainted.

However, before he was knocked out, he could still hear the bald crane's ancient voice ringing in his ears.

"Lassy, there are too many things regarding the God of Berserkers' past. I feel thirsty after saying so much. By the way, why are your parents not here yet? We already made a promise that if you wanted to make a powerful warrior like me join your side, you would need to bring someone who has equal status to me here so that we could negotiate...

"Oh well, I'm a little hungry now. How about this? That mutt seems quite fat, why don't you kill that mutt and make a pot of braised meat?"

These were the bald crane's words Qian Chen heard before he fainted. It was also why Qian Chen fell unconscious very happily and in a very straightforward manner.

At that time, booming sounds surged into the sky in a place where Sky Mist Dao was located. They reverberated in all directions in a manner that was deafening to the ears, causing the land of Sky Mist Dao to tremble and cracks to appear in the sky.

Five hundred thousand people had surrounded Sky Mist Dao. The murderous aura and madness spreading from their bodies turned into something that practically had corporeal form, and it was squashing down the eighteen mountains that were protected by Sky Mist Dao's Runes.

The mighty pressure was something that this sect could not hope to resist. Even if they put up some resistance, it would shatter instantly under this pressure. The wills of those five hundred thousand people had fused together and turned into a wave of madness that could destroy everything.

Chi Lei Tian and the others followed right behind Su Ming as he traveled at the forefront. At that moment, even though there were mixed feelings within Chi Lei Tian's heart, he did not harbor any thoughts to take back the Lightning Crystal from Su Ming. In truth, when he first saw him at the spot where Immortals descended a year ago, he had been able to recognize that this was the person from South Morning that he had planned to torture to death.

He was the person who had snatched away half of his Lightning Crystal, and Chi Lei Tian had sent his divine sense over to say all those heinous and brutal words…

When he noticed that Su Ming was that person, all sorts of feelings had arisen within his heart, and he had given up on his misery. In fact, he felt incredibly regretful over the brutal words he had said in the beginning.

As all those mixed feelings battled in his heart, he saw Su Ming giving off the presence that was so powerful it could almost suffocate a person, and Chi Lei Tian showed off his abilities without care for any risk to himself. In his eyes, this was perhaps the only method for him to not have Su Ming come causing trouble for him.

With a calm expression on his face, Su Ming took a step forward, and the fog that was the first layer of Sky Mist Dao's Rune tumbled backwards before him to reveal the second Rune, which was a gigantic screen of light known as the Ultimate Barrier.

That screen of light surrounded the entire Sky Mist Dao. In fact, if anyone looked at it for a longer period of time, they would find that it was not a single, thin layer but consisted multiple layers that formed a barrier in the shape of a city wall, and it was protecting Sky Mist Dao within it.

There was also an endless amount of spiritual aura spreading out from the ground to fuse into the barrier so that it could continue to operate. In fact, every hundred feet, a Sky Mist Dao disciple could be vaguely seen sitting cross-legged, resulting in the defensive prowess of the second barrier to be greater than that of the first layer.

There were also nearly a hundred powerful presences on that Rune. Each of these presences possessed great power, but they had no intelligence. They were all puppets that existed because of the Rune.

They could not leave Sky Mist Dao. They could only survive around the barrier, and were the best defensive force.

"Break it," Su Ming stated flatly once he swept his gaze across the guards of that Ultimate Barrier.

As his words traveled through the sky, Chi Lei Tian and the others immediately charged towards the barrier. At the same time, the four to five hundred thousand people around them hurled a punch at the Ultimate Barrier as they roared and continued spreading out the mighty pressure from their bodies.

In Su Ming's eyes, there was no skill required to break Sky Mist Dao's Rune. There was no need for him to understand how the Rune operated, and neither was there any need for him to think about how to dodge it. They only needed… one punch!

With a punch thrown together by five hundred thousand people, with a forceful and incredibly violent manner, they would break open this barrier with brute force. This was a punch of an upfront manner!

The punches Berserkers gathered together the power of the hundreds of thousands of people, and the resulting attack seemed like a savage, crazed dragon that was charging towards the wall, which was known as Sky Mist Dao's Ultimate Barrier. Nearly a hundred golden flashes of light shone, and the puppets appeared. As they came into contact with the power gathered together by the hundreds of thousands of Berserkers, a bang shook the skies, and the puppets turned into dust, were instantly wiped off.

They could not stop the Berserkers for even a moment, allowing the crazed dragon that was formed by the power of the hundreds of thousands of Berserkers to crash into the Ultimate Barrier. A loud booming sound surged into the air and spread through a small half of Eastern Wastelands, the barrier that was formed by the screen of light let out a scream of its inability to withstand the force that had just rammed into it. As it shattered inch by inch, the thousands of Sky Mist Dao disciples sitting on the barrier and defending it fell backwards, crumbling. As the booming sound echoed in the air, the barrier shattered!

"Fourth God of Berserkers, even if you destroy Sky Mist Dao today, there will come a day where we Immortals will descend en masse and destroy all of you!" A shrill roar came from the crumbled barrier, and it belonged to an old man. There was little of his body left, but there was an endless amount of hatred within his voice.

"Are the number of Berserkers you Immortals killed small? After the first God of Berserkers left, you cruelly tore our second God of Berserkers, sealed Great Yu Imperial City, and sent a large amount of Immortals to purge us Berserkers. More than hundreds of millions of Berserkers had died by your hands throughout the ages!"

"Immortals must die! My tribe and my family were all slaughtered by Immortals, and it was all so that they could create a single drop of Berserker Blood…"

"All my children died in the hands of Immortals. To me, you've already destroyed my bloodline! So I'll make all of you pay!"

"I'm the only one left of my tribe now, and it was all because my tribe was located on a spirit mine…"

Voices rose up in the form of roars in answer to the old man's words. They were the voices belonging to the hundreds of thousands of Berserkers in the area. They were filled with their hatred and their madness towards the Immortals.

This was a war between two races. Perhaps there were people who had never dyed their hands in either of the races' blood in this war, but even so, in this war where one side must be destroyed, they could only go with the flow, and slowly, but surely, they would also find themselves killing the other race.

This was war. There is no right and wrong in it. The only thing that might exist is a sigh of regret.

Su Ming lifted his head and watched as the old man with that shrill voice and hatred gradually disappeared. He then lifted his right hand. The Berserkers around him roared, and he lowered his hand towards the third layer of protection - Four Sacred Skies.

When his palm fell, the ten thousand feet statue of the God of Berserkers manifested before him, and it struck the third layer of protection with its palm. As rumbling sounds echoed in the air, wind, rain, thunder, and lightning rose up within that Four Sacred Skies Rune before spreading out violently.

The Berserkers' levels of cultivation were unequal. Once Four Sacred Skies spread out, quite a large number of them immediately coughed up blood. Some of them even collapsed and died. But there was an even larger number of Berserkers who charged past Su Ming with red eyes, as if they had gone mad, and rushed towards the Rune.

This was not Su Ming's battle alone. This was… the battle of all Berserkers.

The Immortals within the eighteen mountains of Sky Mist Dao watched the sky quietly with pale faces under the Rune's protection. Despair took hold of them, for the shadow of death was descending on them. Once the Rune shattered, the only thing that would await them was death.
