# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 711

Hidden Dragon Sect is one of the three great sects in the land of Immortals. It occupies a large territory in the Immortals' galaxy. The sect has an incredibly deep history and possesses many cultivation planets. They are famous among the Immortals.

The Hidden Dragon Sect within the land of Berserkers is just a branch. However, even though it is only a branch, it has been able to occupy some of the areas with the densest amount of spiritual aura in Eastern Wastelands after years of administration, just like Sky Mist Dao.

They occupy an area that is nearly a hundred thousand lis. It looks like a flat piece of land and there is nothing in it that would catch anyone's attention. Anyone could pass through that place as if they were passing through a deserted area.

Even if they knew that this was the place where Hidden Dragon Sect was located, they could not see nor touch it. They would be unable to find even a single trace of a Hidden Dragon Sect disciple. No matter how they looked, they would only be able to see a normal piece of flat land.

Four hundred thousand something Berserkers occupied the sky. The murderous aura spreading out from their bodies turned the sky dark and filled the land with a bitter and grim air.

Su Ming's gaze landed on the ground. His expression was calm, and no one could see any hint of emotion on his face.

"Lord God of Berserkers, this… this is Hidden Dragon Sect …"

There was a person from Sky Mist Dao who had willingly changed his own blood inheritance standing beside Su Ming, and by his side was old Man Ya from Berserker Fang Tribe. Currently, the man from Sky Mist Dao was speaking carefully.

It was a middle-aged man with a pale face. Not only was his voice quivering, his heart had been in fear all the way to this place. He had witnessed Sky Mist Dao's destruction and watched all his fellow sect members die. As for then, he could be said that his heart and soul were petrified in fear as he stood before the insurgent Berserkers.

It was especially so when old Man Ya let out ghastly peals of laughter once he finished saying these words. His laughter made that Sky Mist Dao disciple's skin crawl.

"This lowly person has once come to Hidden Dragon Sect with the older generation in his sect before. This place wasn't like this before. I can still remember that there were many floating palaces, and the magnificent presence in the place was something that would be difficult to forget once a person witnessed it," the Sky Mist Dao disciple quickly said, his head lowered.

"Lord God of Berserkers, I've dealt with Hidden Dragon Sect more than others. This sect is skilled in hiding themselves. The words 'hidden' and 'dragon' in their name can already tell you what sort of skills they have.

"Also, Hidden Dragon Sect has a lot of resources. You could say that they are the richest sect among all the Immortal sects in the land of Berserkers." Man Ya licked his lips and cast a look at the plains beneath him as he spoke to Su Ming.

Su Ming averted his gaze from the plains and stated languidly, "Once we destroy this sect, I will give its land to your tribe, Man Ya. Let your tribe prosper here."

Once old Man Ya heard these words, his eyes flashed with a brilliant light. As the strongest warrior in his tribe and a Berserker who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, he had always wanted to make his tribe members even stronger, and since Hidden Dragon Sect had chosen this place, it was naturally a place suitable for a tribe to live.

He had been incredibly envious of Chi Lei Tian for being able to occupy Sky Mist Dao with his tribe earlier, though it was an envy without malicious intent. When he heard Su Ming's words, he licked his lips and immediately started laughing. His yellowish black teeth that were revealed themselves when he laughed added a ferocious air to his face.

Right behind Man Ya was Tian Qi, Wu Shuang, and Xue Sha. They looked as calm as usual, but their hearts were filled with expectation. They could already tell what Su Ming was thinking of. Once they destroyed all the Immortal sects in Eastern Wastelands, the places where these sects were located would become the territory of the big tribes of Eastern Wastelands.

"Evil Spirit Sect will be given to Tian Qi, Evil Lust Sect will go to Wu Shuang. As for Evil Immortal Sect, Xue Sha, make your tribe prosper there."

Su Ming turned his head around and cast a glance at the old Berserkers who had already attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm and had even taken a small step towards Life Cultivation. There were even faint traces of Life Cultivation's presence coming from their bodies.

Su Ming had already come to know these old men's names when they rushed from all directions to worship him. At the same time, based on what he had come to understand previously, he also knew that these people were the five strongest forces of power among the Berserkers in Eastern Wastelands.

"Thank you, God of Berserkers!" Tian Qi's spirit was lifted, and he wrapped his fist in his palm before bowing towards Su Ming.

Faint smiles appeared on Xue Sha and Wu Shuang's faces as well. They bowed towards Su Ming. The Berserkers may be staging an uprising, but this so called rise in power could only be truly proved when all tribes became stronger.

That was why this sort of reward was more practical than anything else to them.

"As for Great Leaf Immortal Sect…" A freezing glare shone in Su Ming's eyes. "Nan Gong Hen!" When Su Ming spoke, a shadow immediately closed in and appeared in front of him. He was, naturally, the Fated Kin Nan Gong Hen.

There was respect on his face, but he did not wrap his fist to greet Su Ming. Instead, he knelt down on one knee and greeted him with the Fated Kin's salute. He was not paying his respects to the God of Berserkers, but was paying his respects to Su Ming, his Respected Senior Mo.

Even if Su Ming was not the God of Berserkers, the Fated Kin would still follow him as zealously.

"Fated Kin is the race born from me. From now on, they will be my descendants in the land of Berserkers… Great Leaf Immortal Sect will be the spot where Fated Kin's branch will be located in Eastern Wastelands," Su Ming stated calmly as he cast a glance at Nan Gong Hen.

As for Evil Dust Sect, during the course of the year he had been at Eastern Wastelands Tower, the sect had been dissolved and absorbed by the other Evil Sects due to the lack of a Grand Sect Elder, hence it was naturally overlooked by Su Ming.

There was no excitement on Nan Gong Hen's face. He only nodded and did not say any words of gratitude, because the respect and zeal on his face that surpassed that of the Berserkers represented everything by itself.

After all, he was not worshiping the God of Berserkers. He only worshiped Su Ming.

Su Ming's words attracted Tian Qi and the others' attention. A thought bloomed in their hearts and they looked towards him together.

"It's natural that the race born from the God of Berserkers would need to defend Eastern Wastelands, but Lord God of Berserkers, do you mean that…" Xue Sha blinked, and after a moment of hesitation, he asked something softly.

"South Morning has been shattered into several islands. All the islands in South Morning belong to Fated Kin. There are surely Immortals and other races that have risen as well as their puppets in the Alliance of the Western Region and Northern Province. Once we've dealt with the Immortals in Eastern Wastelands, are you willing to come with me to the other continents and form branches of your tribes there?" Su Ming looked at Xue Sha and the other two before he cast a glance at Man Ya, whose eyes had gained a slightly red tinge.

These four people cast a glance at each other. Their breathing instantly quickened, and they bowed once again to Su Ming. This time they did not wrap their fists in their palms to bow to him. Instead, they knelt down on one knee, just like Nan Gong Hen had done.

"We are all willing to follow you to go on a campaign to the Alliance of the Western Region and sweep through Northern Province. We will destroy all the Immortals and have them return us our mountains and rivers. We will do everything for the Berserkers' rise to power!"

Su Ming did not speak. Instead, he looked at the horizon in the distance. That direction he was looking at was the west, and it was the direction where the Alliance of the Western Region was.

"My soul is in the land of Berserkers, and the only thing I can do is to have all Berserkers unite and make my people strong… Only by doing so can I bring the Berserkers to rush out of Yin Death and enter the Immortals' worlds… and watch the color of autumn spread in the land of Immortals," Su Ming mumbled in a soft whisper that only he could hear.

He was alone. He was incomplete. He was lonely and lost.

His gaze would constantly flash with a light that was interlaced with confusion and awareness. He did not know where he was. He only knew that he needed the red of autumn to be able to move from winter to spring.

'I… am almost no longer me… but I do not know what I am either.'

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath, and everything within his eyes was replaced by a cold chill. He cast a cold glance at the ground and lifted his foot to take a step downwards.

At the instant he took that one step, the power at the pinnacle of the initial stage of Life Matrix erupted with a bang in his body. This power was the strongest force within the land of Berserkers at the moment. It was the invincible pinnacle in this world.

There was no longer any person within the land of Berserkers at the moment that could surpass this level of cultivation. Even if there was, that person would be forcefully suppressed. Perhaps only a non-human would be able to surpass Su Ming's level of cultivation.

However, among humans, Su Ming was invincible.

When he took that one step, he swung his right arm towards the sky. At the instant he did so, a freezing air filled the world. That freezing air grew thicker with each passing moment before it swiftly turned into snow.

An endless amount of snow started spreading outwards from Su Ming as it spun. In the blink of an eye, a circular area of a hundred thousand something lis turned into freezing winter!

The endless amount of snow let out a chill that could freeze all things, as well as exuded a terrifying presence. Each flake of snow could erupt with a bitter and grim murderous air that would not be weaker than that of a in Berserker Soul Realm.

This was Su Ming's powerful might once he reached the initial stage of Life Matrix and arrived at the pinnacle of that stage. His strength far surpassed those who had attained great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm, and he was the invincible pinnacle that even those who had attained great completion could not hope to compare to.

The white flakes might look like snow, but in truth, they were not snow. They were Su Ming's Life! They were his death's Life. It was a unique divine ability that transformed all the aura of death in his body and erupted forth after fusing with his Life Matrix.

This divine ability was different for everyone. Each person who moved into this Realm would form different divine abilities as they gained different epiphanies due to all the different Life Matrices. Not a single one would be similar.

This was the first time Su Ming let out all of his power within Life Matrix without holding back and made a flower of snow blossom in Eastern Wastelands!

As he spread his power outwards and freezing wind moaned in the area, snow floated down. Xue Sha and the others sucked in a sharp breath and swiftly took a look at Su Ming. During that instant, they finally got to truly know Su Ming's might and the God of Berserkers' majesty. During that instant, the scene of when Su Ming fought against the Immortals in that shocking battle turned into an invisible seed that planted itself in their hearts. That seed was known as reverence.

This reverence would follow them throughout their lives.

Su Ming's gaze was calm when he looked at the snow around him. He pushed his right hand downwards lightly.

At the instant he did so, all the snow within the circular area of ten thousand something lis fell still before charging towards the ground that Su Ming was pushing against through the air.

In the span of a breath, a loud bang shook the sky and earth, tearing through the ground madly. The crash from the endless snow made it seem as if a picture scroll had been torn apart. Once the snow lifted amid all those ringing bangs, it was like an illusory cover had been ripped off the ground, revealing… Hidden Dragon Sect, which had been concealed under an illusion!

A large amount of luxurious halls floated between the sky and earth. There were also shocked Hidden Dragon Sect disciples standing within their halls with pale faces!

"Kill them all. Do not spare even a single one," Su Ming stated flatly.

Translator's Notes:

1. There is a certain part here that is not in the raws, because after some thorough discussions with Er Gen, we decided to add this missing part here. No, I'm not telling you where it is.
