# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 712

The sky turned a faint shade of red. That red was like the red hue of autumn, and when a person looked at it, they would find a desolate air surrounding the sky.

Blood was thick on the ground. When it spread out, a bloody stench rose into the air, either exciting or making puke those who smelled it. This was not hell but more like the underworld.

And the spring water flowing in the rivers of this underworld were blood.

Hidden Dragon Sect… was eliminated from the land of Berserkers.

Besides a thousand something people kneeling on the ground submissively while trembling, choosing to change their blood inheritance to live, all the other manner of living in the sect… had died.

They died miserably and did not put up too much of a resistance or struggle. No one who tried to fight back could survive the charge from a four hundred thousand man army… especially since this was going to be the place where Man Ya's tribe was going to live in the future. To prevent any unfortunate incidents from happening, he had his tribe seal the area so that no disciples of Hidden Dragon Sect could manage to run away.

Su Ming did not participate in this battle. He stood silently in midair and watched the bloody fight playing out before his eyes. Shrill screams of pain reached his ears, and along with them came an endless amount of curses until those who shouted them were killed.

When Su Ming saw and heard everything, the confusion and alertness in his eyes interlaced with each other. He stood in midair and did not move.

Nan Gong Hen protected Su Ming silently. The other Fated Kin were scattered around them as well. If anyone from Hidden Dragon Sect rushed towards them, they would immediately turn into icy snow that symbolized death and delivered it.

"People will eventually die… They will walk from life to death, moving from spring to winter… However, the color of autumn is still too dull," Su Ming mumbled softly.

When night arrived and the moon hung high in the sky, overlooking the shattered towers, the aura of death from Hidden Dragon Sect surged into the sky. That aura of death spread out and filled the air.

From then on, Hidden Dragon Sect no longer existed in that place. Instead, it had become the place where Man Ya's tribe would grow and prosper.

A large amount of Hidden Dragon Sect's resources was dug up. Man Ya and the other four broke open the endless amount of seals in the place, and all the doors to the cave abodes were thrown open. The vast amount of resources was enough to quicken the breathing of anyone who saw it.

There were large amounts of spirit stones, an infinite amount of medicinal cores, vast numbers of ancient scrolls, as well as huge quantities of materials required to create and refine Enchanted Vessels. All of these things represented just how rich Hidden Dragon Sect had been and how deep their power laid.

Even if Sky Mist Dao had an equal amount of fame as Hidden Dragon Sect in the Immortals' galaxy, when the Berserkers destroyed the sect and searched through the place, the items they found there were only a third of what Hidden Dragon Sect possessed.

Su Ming did not take too many of these items. He gave most of them away to the big tribes in Eastern Wastelands as a reward to serve as important resources for them to grow powerful.

Seven days later, when Evil Spirit Sect was invaded by the Berserkers' army, they resisted for half a day before all the sect's Runes were broken. Then, the entire sect became history in the land of Berserkers.

Besides a select few and several hundreds of those who chose to submit to survive, all of the others in the sect… died.

Blood flowed down the mountain of Evil Spirit Sect. Shrill screams of pain and booming sounds continued reverberating in the area as the Berserkers waged war on them.

Shen Dong did not die, and neither did the girl who Su Ming had controlled with his Art using the doll in the past. They had instead been asked to leave politely, due to Su Ming's orders.

Besides these people, everyone in Evil Spirit Sect was killed off, and the place became the new location of Tian Qi's clan.

After five more days, Evil Lust Sect chose to destroy their Runes once the hundreds of thousands of Berserkers arrived. This sort of destruction brought forth a madness that spread a hundred thousand lis in the world. There might have been quite a few who were unwilling to do so in Evil Lust Sect, but in the end, they could not prevent this sort of death. In the mid of a bang that reverberated through the entire Eastern Wastelands, Evil Lust Sect and the place where it was built turned into dust. A large number of Berserkers also died because of this.

The number of deaths they suffered surpassed the numbers they lost when they were in Sky Mist Dao. However, these deaths only served to stimulate the madness within the Berserkers' blood. With it, the Berserker army rushed towards Evil Immortal Sect.

Once the Rune to the entrance eventually crumbled and the Berserkers were about to kill all the people of Evil Immortal Sect, an incredibly dramatic event happened.

Internal strife tore apart the people of Evil Immortal Sect. At the time the Rune shattered, half of the people in the Sect had already died due to that strife, and the remaining thousands knelt down and worshipped the incoming Berserkers. They were willing to change their blood inheritances and become slaves; they had chosen submission.

As of then, all the Immortal's sects were destroyed one by one in Eastern Wastelands, only one remained - Great Leaf Immortal Sect!

The sects that had been destroyed turned into the spots where the big tribes who had followed Su Ming in Eastern Wastelands would be located. These places belonged to Xue Sha, Tian Qi, and the others. There were also the matter of the half Berserker and half Immortal subordinates. These people had changed their blood inheritance to stay within the Immortal sects. They had once been Berserkers, but had now become oddities.

For the first time, conflict rose among the big Berserker tribes because they were in disagreement of how they should deal with these people.

Some believed that they had a right to live. After all, many of these people were once members of their own tribes, and some of them were even their family.

However, there were an even larger number of Berserkers who despised them. They believed that these Berserkers had betrayed them, and they had to use their blood to wash away the humiliation they had brought to their race.

No consensus could be reached for this conflict with many different voices and opinions. In the end, Su Ming made a decision regarding this matter.

The Berserkers who had betrayed their own kind were quite numerous. They had to receive punishment, and that punishment was that they had to be the vanguards in the army as they went to chase out the outsiders in the Alliance of the Western Region and Northern Province.

Once they killed a sufficient amount of outsiders, they would use their battle achievements to earn the right to return to the Berserkers. If they did not die, then they could still be a Berserker and return to worship the God of Berserkers.

This decision was not completely accepted by all the Berserkers who had changed their blood inheritance, and those who could not accept it became part of the autumn in the world.

Under this brutal slaughter, besides one particular region in Eastern Wastelands, all other parts of the continent returned to the Berserkers once again, and a gathering that would lead them across the Dead Sea towards the Alliance of the Western Region as well as Northern Province was held as the big tribes began their operations.

Crossing the Dead Sea, especially in a scale where millions of people would go, was something that had never happened since the land of Berserkers was split into five continents. This grand thing attracted the attention of all Berserkers, exciting them.

Besides Su Ming and a select few others, most of the Berserkers could not travel through the Dead Sea just by flying alone. That was why they needed an endless amount of ships that could traverse the Dead Sea.

As the entire Eastern Wastelands began preparations, Su Ming brought with him the Fated Kin to the spot of Great Leaf Immortal Sect.

It was the only Immortal sect remaining in Eastern Wastelands. Su Ming chose not to let any Berserkers attack this place: He would go alone and destroy Great Leaf Immortal Sect.

Because this sect was Di Tian's sect.

Great Leaf Immortal Sect was a huge mountain that towered into the clouds. The mountain looked like a gigantic sword that stood erect on the ground. It was a terrifying sight to behold, for people were like ants compared to it.

Perhaps Great Leaf Immortal Sect was not like this in the past. However, as of then, the sect before Su Ming's eyes was this mountain - a sword that wanted to charge into the sky!

Waves of sword aura spread out and filled an area of ten thousand lis. All manner of life that stepped into this region would have to suffer the attacks from that sword aura.

"Respected Senior Mo, let us Fated Kin go with you." Nan Gong Hen stood beside Su Ming. Right behind him were the hundreds of Fated Kin that had come with him. All of these people had zealousness on their faces as they looked at Su Ming and waited for his orders.

Su Ming shook his head. He looked at the hundreds of Fated Kin, and a smile appeared on his face. He turned around and took a step towards that region. At the instant his foot landed, sword aura surged into the sky. Piercing whistling sounds echoed in the air, and hundreds of sword auras appeared out of nowhere, charging straight towards Su Ming.

At the instant he took his third step, booming sounds reverberated in the air, and all the sword auras came at Su Ming. However, their arrival could not stop him in the slightest. When the sword auras were a hundred feet from Su Ming, it was as if they had crashed into a barrier that made them unable to continue onward, and all of them shattered.

A nine-colored screen of light manifested swiftly a hundred feet away from Su Ming. That screen of light was spreading out from a square seal floating above Su Ming's head, and it was Su Ming's Enchanted Treasure - the Five Direction Seal!

Since his level of cultivation had increased and he had stayed in the Eastern Wastelands Tower for the duration of a year, he had had time to refine this Five Direction Seal in his body. At this moment, he could already control this seal somewhat and even make it send out the nine-colored screen of light.

The hundreds of Fated Kin watched their Respected Senior Mo walking into the distance. As he walked further and further away, getting closer to Great Leaf Immortal Sect's mountain, the hundreds of sword auras coming towards him from all directions increased to thousands.

Those thousands of sword auras covered the world and charged towards Su Ming with a bitter and grim air. However, none of them could pass through his nine-colored screen of light. When Su Ming activated that extreme speed of his and shot up like a long arc to fly towards the Great Leaf Immortal Sect's mountain, the thousands of sword auras erupted with a bang and turned into tens of thousands of sword auras that charged towards him from all directions.

Right behind those tens of thousands of sword auras were another batch of them, just as large. It was as if those sword auras were limitless, and as booming sounds surged into the sky, Su Ming's body could no longer be seen clearly. He was hidden away by the limitless sword auras.

At the moment he was less than a thousand lis away from the mountain of Great Leaf Immortal Sect, and the entire region of Great Leaf Immortal Sect let out a deafening roar. Nine huge cracks suddenly tore through the ground under that boom, and nine shocking waves of sword aura shot out from the cracks with a bang. The presence of those nine waves of sword aura were incredibly strong, and they even gained the form of swords once they appeared. At the instant they took shape, they charged towards Su Ming.

At the same time, nearly a hundred thousand sword auras appeared out of nowhere in the world and surrounded the nine waves of sword aura that seemed to have gained physical form as they charged towards Su Ming.

With a look of indifference, Su Ming lifted his right hand at the instant the sword aura closed in and seized the air. Then, the killing sword flashing with a golden light appeared in his hand.

A fierce glare flashed in Su Ming's eyes once he held the sword in his hand.

"Can a sword that is not held in a hand still be considered a sword?" he asked flatly, then thrust the killing sword forward.
