# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 714

Su Ming did not know how many people he killed. He had taken three hundred steps. An endless wave of sword aura charged towards him with loud booming sounds, but as he brandished the killing sword in his hand, those waves of sword aura disintegrated. At the same time, more heads flew into the sky, with blood and shrill screams of pain.

Su Ming's body was red. It was the color of blood. It was the blood of Great Leaf Immortal Sect's disciples. The killing sword in his hand was red. The entire Great Leaf Immortal Sect mountain had turned red.

The three hundred steps behind Su Ming had already shattered, as if they represented his will and determination. Wherever he went, all lives would shatter, just like the stones on the stairs.

Blood flowed down the mountain. A thick bloody stench filled the area, and even the snow in all directions looked as if it was about to be dyed red.

Su Ming walked forward calmly. As the tip of his sword sliced through the air, a teenager that did not seem to have even hit his twenties had his head separated from his body right before Su Ming. There was confusion and anguish in his eyes as he fell to the side.

"There is no grudge between us, but you should not have been a part of Great Leaf Immortal Sect," Su Ming whispered softly, then seized the area beside him with his left hand. Immediately, a person who had transformed into a rainbow-colored phoenix with a divine ability right beside him was seized by the throat as Su Ming's left hand shot through her divine ability.

She was a woman with a beautiful face, but there was not an ounce of pity within Su Ming for her plight. The chill in his left hand surged into her body, shattering her throat as she trembled in despair. A destructive power rushed into her body and disintegrated her Nascent Divinity.

Su Ming let go and took a step forward.

There was no right or wrong to this, neither was there good or evil. There were only different choices made under two different viewpoints. Great Leaf Immortal Sect was Di Tian's sect, and this determined Great Leaf Immortal Sect's fate.

In Su Ming's mind, there was no such thing as searching for the instigator alone to solve a problem. It was his aloof attitude that made him destroy an entire sect when someone in it provoked him. His thoughts were extreme and biased. It was a merciless attitude towards his enemies.

It did not matter whether it was Hidden Dragon Sect, Sky Mist Dao, or even Evil Sect. Su Ming had almost never attacked or contributed to the destruction of these sects. Most of it was done by the Berserkers' crazed slaughter. The only time he did not bring them was now, when he came to Great Leaf Immortal Sect. Even Fated Kin had been ordered to wait outside for him.

Because the hatred Su Ming harbored for Great Leaf Immortal Sect was so great that he would regret it if there was a single person that did not die in his hands.

Due to his hate for one person, Su Ming grew to hate all those related to his opponent by blood and every single person in his sect. Perhaps this was not right, but in his memories, before he was sent to Yin Death Region, there was his little sister's voice in the endless darkness. He remembered the feeling of all the people surrounding him and his sister to devour and absorb the presence within their bodies. It made his little sister increasingly weaker and caused him to become prejudiced.

'I helped Berserkers because my soul is here, because my Master and senior brothers are Berserkers, because the beautiful moments in my memories are my most precious treasures, even if they are fake.

'In those memories there is a mountain. That mountain, the people there… the traditions, customs, and everything else belongs to Berserkers. That is why… I will help Berserkers. Even if I don't admit to being the God of Berserkers, I can help them make the Berserkers rise in power.'

Nostalgia flashed in Su Ming's eyes. He swung the sword in his hand and took another few steps forward. There were already several thousands of heads behind him, but this battle had not ended.

Because Su Ming treasured his memories and because the people in the ninth summit were Berserkers, he would contribute for the entire race. This was just how his character was.

On the other side of this extreme personality was the reason for Su Ming's current massacre. Due to his hate for one person, he could hate his entire sect, and if he was going to kill, he would kill till not even a single blade of grass was left.

"All of you should not have entered Great Leaf Immortal Sect."

Su Ming shook his head. He swept the blood-red sword in his hand sideways and with one move entered the top of the remaining half of Great Leaf Immortal Sect's mountain. The one swing from the blood-red killing sword caused several dozens of heads to fly into the air. Flesh blood filled the area and dyed all the snow in the air nearby.

"Su Ming!"

At the instant Su Ming stepped onto the top of the remaining half of the mountain, a furious roar traveled into the air before him. That voice… belonged to Beiling.

He held a sword in his hand. He was trembling and his eyes were bloodshot as he stared at Su Ming. There were complicated feelings as well as hate in his eyes. Chenxin was standing by his side quietly, and there was a vacant and dull look on her face.

Beiling stared at Su Ming and shouted loudly, "Must you kill everyone?! Must you destroy the entire Great Leaf Immortal Sect?!"

Su Ming lifted his foot and walked onto the final step under him to stand at the top of the remaining half of the mountain. At that moment, a crack appeared on the final step on the stars. However, it did not shatter. This was… the first step that did not shatter completely after he walked past it.

"If your answer is yes, then kill me and my wife so that we won't have to be filled with grief and indignation for watching our fellow sect members die! Go on! I won't retaliate! Attack me!" Beiling threw away the sword in his hand, and as he shouted… tears fell down from the corners of his eyes.

Su Ming was silent. The killing sword in his hand was spreading out killing intent on its own. The spirit that was filled with a hint of bloodthirst was like a cold gaze that was looking at the duo before it. If Su Ming had not stopped moving, it would have definitely rush in and killed these two people so that it would become more radiant with their blood.

On this day, it had been dyed with an amount of blood that it had never had before. This excited it, and in the midst of its excitement, its acknowledgment towards Su Ming also reached its peak.

"You no longer care about the past nor about the things in Dark Mountain! So kill me! Kill Chenxin, who liked you when she was young! Kill us! You won't need much time to do it! Kill us and destroy our feelings for you so that we won't miss you anymore…" Beiling roared loudly, and more tears fell from his eyes.

"Do you still remember me teaching you the bow? Do you still remember us fighting together when Dark Mountain Tribe was attacked by Black Mountain Tribe. You… Are you still the same person as you were back in Dark Mountain?!

"Can you live up to our elder's expectations?! Can you live up to the expectations of our people in Dark Mountain Tribe?! Come on, kill me!"

Beiling's words brought a sharp stab of pain to Su Ming's heart in the midst of his silence. This pain was a poison that would be stronger the more precious one's memories were to them. It was an extreme pain that tore through Su Ming's heart.

At the instant he felt that pain and slowly looked towards Beiling, Chenxin suddenly lifted her head by his side. The dull look in her eyes was replaced by a complicated expression. As tears fell from her eyes, she seemed to have made a decision, and she cried out anxiously to Su Ming, "Su Ming, go away…" But before she finished speaking, Beiling turned around and slapped her. She fell to the ground, and blood trickled down the corners of her mouth.

Almost at the moment Chenxin gave her warning, a sword suddenly came charging out like lightning from the air behind Su Ming. At the instant he was hurt by Beiling's words, it stabbed his heart.

There was a dark ball of blue flame at the tip of the sword. It was a poisonous flame that could burn souls. As long as that sword pierced a person's body, it could burn that person's soul to ashes.

That sword seemed to have been waiting for a long time ago, looking forward to the instant Su Ming's heart would tremble due to Beiling's words. At that moment, it would launch this clearly laid out assassination plan against Su Ming.

blood covered Su Ming's chest. The sword that appeared behind him penetrated his back and revealed its tip at his chest. Blood trickled down from the tip and fell on the ground, the snow covering it. It fell one drop at a time.

"Su Ming, you should not have come to Great Leaf Immortal Sect," an old voice stated from behind Su Ming. He was familiar with that voice. It was Beiling's father, Dark Mountain Tribe's Head of the Guards.

Almost at the instant he plunged that sword into Su Ming's back and said those words, Su Ming lowered his head to look at the tip of the sword, and at that moment, Beiling's expression immediately turned into ferocious look before him. As he charged forward, he appeared right in front of Su Ming. He lifted his right hand, and a black knife appeared on his palm. He stabbed it into the center of Su Ming's brows.

"Su Ming, die!"

The knife sank deep into the center of Su Ming's brows. At the same time, incantations suddenly appeared in the sky. As they reverberated in the air, groups of people swiftly appeared, and they were Great Leaf Immortal Sect disciples that numbered nearly ten thousand.

They floated in midair, filling up an area of a thousand lis. With Great Leaf Immortal Sect's mountain as their center, they formed an incredibly huge Rune. This Rune began slowly operating as these people moved about, and as it was activated, a huge sealing force descended on the land with a bang. At the same time the sealing force spread out from the Rune, that group of people lifted the swords in their hands and cut downwards in Su Ming's direction.

The near ten thousand swords turned into a thousand feet sword as the Rune began its operations, and booming sounds surged into the sky. That sword let out a primitive, ancient air, and swiftly charged down towards Su Ming from the sky.

"You are not Dark Mountain Tribe's Bei Ling."

Su Ming did not bother himself with the sword coming from the sky. He looked at the ferocious Beiling, and as he said these words flatly, Beiling's expression suddenly changed drastically. His eyes went wide, and he saw the blade that had sunk into the center of Su Ming's brows rapidly freezing before it turned into ice within an instant. As that ice spread out, he moved to let go of his grip, but the ice covered his arm and spread swiftly to his entire body, freezing him and his Nascent Divinity into an ice statue that stood before Su Ming.

"Neither are you Dark Mountain Tribe's Head of the Guards." As Su Ming whispered softly, the tip of the sword at his chest had turned into ice. Behind him, the Head of the Guards let out a shocked cry and started rapidly retreating, but before he could even take three steps back, he froze into an ice statue, just like his son.

This was the divine ability Su Ming had created when he reached Life Cultivation Realm. He was midwinter. His Life Matrix was winter. He could bring forth the snow of midwinter and freeze everything.

Aside from those whose level of cultivation was greater than his, it was impossible for anyone to survive before him, who was now in Life Cultivation Realm.

Cracking sounds reverberated in the air. The ice statue that was Beiling retained his ferocious expression as it fell to pieces. The ice statue that was his father also shattered as the cracking sounds shot into the sky.

The knife at the center of Su Ming's brows shattered, and so did the tip of the sword at his chest.

He still did not bother with the sword descending from the sky. Instead, he looked towards Chenxin, who had blood at the corners of her lips.

"Why did you warn me?" he asked softly.
