# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 717

The strike from Blood Sacrifice for Soul Egression would cause wind and clouds to move. It would gather together to form a blood sword and a two-headed body, which moved like a shooting star that caused the ground to rumble.

It crashed into Su Ming, who was carrying his second senior brother on his back while he charged into the sky from the ground. During that instant, it was as if the sky and earth had crashed into each other, and the waves that stirred up turned into two arcs of impact that looked like the most beautiful scene in the world of Berserkers from the distance. It was enough to visibly move anyone who saw it.

During that charge, Su Ming's second senior brother let out a weak but hearty laugh as he lay on Su Ming's back. As he laughed, grass instantly filled the shattered earth, and a nice fragrance spread through the air. A gentle but sturdy presence also spread out from second senior brother's body, surrounding Su Ming.

Su Ming was like a sharp sword out of its scabbard. With second senior brother on his back, he crashed into the incoming body created from that Blood Sacrifice for Soul Egression in the sky.

This was a crash between the sky and earth. This could be said to be the top two forces in the land of Berserkers fighting against each other. As the loud rumbling sound spread out and reverberated in the air, an endless number of dimensional cracks appeared in the sky, and as the ground shattered, it turned into ashes.

A violent gust of wind with a strong force of impact was madly sweeping outwards from all directions around Su Ming. It was like a raging wave moving about, and there was no end to it.

Su Ming coughed up a mouthful of blood and retreated a hundred something feet. However, during that instant, his body was covered by a large amount of green. It was what his second senior brother's power had transformed into.

One of the heads on the two-headed body crumbled at that moment. The creature itself was sent tumbling backwards as the rumbling sounds echoed in the air. The blood-red sword in its hand also became slightly duller.

Su Ming lifted his head. Before his body had even stopped, he begun to change forward again. The killing sword in his hand shone, and he charged towards the body that had now lost one of its heads. As that body that only had one head left roared, the two of them crashed into each other again in an attempt to kill the other.

There were no divine abilities and Arts involved. Su Ming only used the killing sword and executed the four sword styles, drawing up multiple long arcs in the air. After a moment, an even greater bang resounded, and the remaining head flew into the air. It was pierced through by Su Ming's sword and exploded.

The body that was formed from the Great Leaf Immortal Sect's Rune had lost all of its heads. At that moment, as it trembled, it rapidly retreated, and right before everyone's eyes, two flesh lumps squirmed rapidly at the spot where they the heads had been before. It looked as if the body was about to regrow its heads.

"Kill all those who provoke the ninth summit!"

Blood trickled down the corners of Su Ming's mouth, but the murderous aura on his face was chilly and threatening. He took a step forward and caught up to the retreating body that was formed from the Great Leaf Immortal Sect's Rune. The killing sword in his hand sliced forward, and a giant left arm flew into the air.

Second senior brother's mirth reverberated in the air. His peals of laughter were him venting out his frustrations at being suppressed over the years, and as he laughed, his voice traveled forth.

"Youngest junior brother, you're right! We will kill all those who harmed even a single plant on ninth summit!"

As second senior brother's words rang into the air, Su Ming took a step forward again and closed in on the retreating body of the Rune. He swung the bloody sword in his hand, and the right leg of the body formed by the Rune was separated from the body.

"Kill all those in the sect of the person who harmed even a single disciple of the ninth summit!"

Freezing air spread out from Su Ming's body. He took a step forward and jumped, lifting the killing sword in his hand. Killing intent erupted in his eyes, and he cut down swiftly at the body formed from the Great Leaf Immortal Sect's Rune.

His second senior brother laughed, and a large amount of green light flowed onto Su Ming's body, then gathered on the killing sword in his hand. This slash was no longer filled with by Su Ming's power alone, but also had power from his now weakened second senior brother.

At the instant they cut forward, the body that had lost its heads, left arm, and right leg swiftly lifted his right hand and placed the sword horizontally before itself to fend against the slash delivered by the killing sword of Su Ming and his second senior brother.

A bang shot into the air. Su Ming let out a cold harrumph and his second senior brother laughed when the killing sword clashed against the blood sword. At that instant, the blood sword shattered into pieces. The killing sword shot through its remnants and cut into the body made from the Rune, slicing into the center of its flesh. When the sword sliced through it, the body made from the Rune was cut into two.

A shrill scream of pain that only souls could hear came out from the body, and it exploded. An endless amount of vengeful souls inside cried out shrilly, then started falling back in all directions.

If anyone looked upwards from the ground, this scene would be like fog spreading out in their eyes, and within that fog was an endless amount of souls from Great Leaf Immortal Sect.

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes, but just as he was about to kill all of them, his second senior brother suddenly spoke up on his back.

"Youngest junior brother, don't kill them..."

As he spoke, his second senior brother jumped off and moved away from Su Ming's back. Then, he turned into a gigantic phantom that had two horns on his head. His body was approximately a hundred feet tall, and he was a giant that was covered head to toe in dark green.

Once the phantom appeared, second senior brother opened his mouth and sucked in a breath in the direction of the souls from Great Leaf Immortal Sect that were falling back. With it, terror appeared within those souls' shrill screams, but all of them headed towards second senior brother, unable to control themselves. In the blink of an eye, they were all devoured by second senior brother.

When all of the souls from Great Leaf Immortal Sect were devoured, the size of second senior's body instantly increased by a fold. The nearly two hundred thousand feet phantom exuded a strange presence in midair as he slowly turned his head around to look at Su Ming.

Even if he looked ferocious at the moment and eerie black smoke was coming out of his body, making him look like a malicious spirit, when he looked at Su Ming, a smile appeared on his face.

It was second senior brother's smile. When he lifted his head and smiled, he let sunlight shine on the side of his face, and he looked as if this particular act was making him really comfortable.

"This place has suppressed me for years… and they even used my body as a tool to help their disciples practice cultivation. They extracted my life without stop… That was an incredibly painful experience, and that is… no good." As second senior brother spoke, he lifted his right hand and looked at it. With a gentle smile on his lips, he slowly brought his hand downwards.

At that instant… a large amount of green rapidly filled the earth without sound, even if it had previously crumbled into pieces or even spotted huge pits in it. That green belonged to an endless amount of grass, flowers, and trees growing at a crazy speed on the ground.

In the blink of an eye, the ground that was once part of Great Leaf Immortal Sect became a forest that was filled with blooming flowers, green grass, and lush trees.

Everything within a circular area of ten thousand lis had turned into forest.

Waves of refreshing air spread out. Second senior brother sucked in a deep breath and his body slowly shrank until he eventually turned back into the man who was as gentle as a flower. He was dressed in white and was standing in front of Su Ming as he smiled.

Su Ming looked at his second senior brother and at the smile from his memories. To him, it did not matter whether his second senior brother was a person or a phantom. He… was still his second senior brother.

"Second senior brother." A smile appeared on Su Ming's face. This was a smile that was completely unrestrained and came from the bottom of his heart, a smile that had not appeared on his face since a long time ago.

"Youngest junior brother, you've suffered during these years. I didn't manage to find Master here, but I was able to gather some clues. I think, for some unknown reason and with some unknown method, Master has… left the land of Berserkers," second senior brother said in a soft voice. His face was still slightly pale, a telling sign that he could not rapidly recover from the harm done to him over the years by Great Leaf Immortal Sect.

"Right now, we're the only ones left. I've asked Hu Zi to stay in the ninth summit. Have you gone back?"

Su Ming nodded. Just as he was about to speak, he suddenly frowned and lifted his head to look at the sky, then narrowed his eyes slightly. A glint appeared in second senior brother's eyes, and he also lifted his head.

At that moment, the sky looked as if it was void of clouds, but in truth, there was a cloud hiding up ahead. The beautiful woman munching on roasted seeds widened her eyes. She had seen the entire process of Su Ming fighting the two-headed ghost. After a moment, she patted her slightly filled chest and sighed deeply.

"I really suffered a huge loss this time…" The woman lifted her hand and grabbed the mutt's head.

The mutt winced in pain, but did not dare say much. It had heard of the woman's fearsome reputation when it was in the Emperor of Abyss' World. She was an existence that gave many living souls in the Emperor of Abyss' World a headache, and she was completely unreasonable.

It had suffered a lot during this trip, and even though this had nothing to do with anything, the mutt could still not escape her hands… As it winced, it glared at Qian Chen and the bald crane before it let out a growl, scaring the bald crane so much that it immediately put on a look of flattery. Qian Chen shuddered a little.

However, almost at the moment the bald crane put on that expression of flattery, the mutt bit down on the crane's body. When it saw the bird's expression changing to one of pain, it felt its emotions balancing out slightly.

Qian Chen shuddered even more violently. Terror appeared in his eyes. He just saw that beautiful woman terrorizing the mutt, and that mutt then terrorizing the bald crane, and he was...

As it shuddered, the bald crane lifted its head and glared at Qian Chen, then lifted its wing and smacked him on the head, and because the mutt's bite was too painful, it smacked Qian Chen a few more times until he also showed pain on his face. Only then did it feel emotionally balanced.

Qian Chen put on a glum face and looked around him, but he could not find anyone that could become his target and let him vent his frustration, so he lowered his head and looked as if he was on the verge of crying.

As the crowd in the sky terrorized one after another, Su Ming's cold voice came up to them.

"You've been tagging behind me all along. For how long do you still intend to hide?"

Su Ming's voice fell into Qian Chen's ears, causing him to become so excited that he looked as if he had heard his own relative's voice. As for the bald crane, it moved its eyes about, though no one knew exactly what it was thinking.

The mutt rolled its eyes. Just as it was about to look over, the woman beside it stood up and placed her hands behind her back, which gave her an adorable air, but the surprise on her face showed that she had not expected that Su Ming would be able to notice her presence.

She coughed lightly, then with a beautiful, adorable, naive look that gave her an impression of a small white rabbit, she walked out of the cloud that had hid her in the sky.
