# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 719

The final Immortal sect in Eastern Wastelands had turned into a puff of cloud and smoke and transformed into a lush forest. There was a gigantic pit in the forest, and it was as if it was the only thing that could be a slight testimony to Great Leaf Immortal Sect's destruction.

This had always been the place where spiritual aura was the most abundant in Eastern Wastelands. Even if it had turned into a forest now, the spiritual aura was still spreading out slowly and filling up the entire area, making it seem like the forest was surrounded by a haziness, giving it a dream-like air.

From then on, this would be the place where Fated Kin in Eastern Wastelands would live. As long as Fated Kin continued to grow and become stronger and Su Ming remained alive, they were destined to become an extraordinary existence among the Berserkers.

They would just be like the God of Shamans Temple among the Shamans. As members of the same race as Su Ming, Fated Kin would stand over the other tribes and Berserker clans for a long time. No one would dare to challenge their might because they were of them.

'From now on, there will no longer be any Great Yu. What will appear among the Berserkers would will be a land where Fated Kin are the heads. They will build their homes in other continents as well to maintain the land of Berserkers' operations.'

This was what Su Ming was thinking right then. Since Great Yu had been buried by time, then they should let it be gone forever. Fated Kin would replace the previous Great Yu among the Berserkers, allowing them to grow stronger as they gained new life.

Su Ming left. Fated Kin had followed him into the area that once belonged to Great Leaf Immortal Sect spread out through the forest, and under Nan Gong Hen's lead, they started developing the place into the unique landscape that would be suitable to be their home.

Before long, this place would have two mountains. The mountain range would form a valley, and the valley would be modified to be able to gather the waves of Yin Death. They would have many Enchanted Vessels that would belong solely to their kin such as the gigantic bow, and a series of divine abilities and Arts, each of which would be stronger than the last.

A statue of Su Ming would be carved out as well. That statue would become the deity statue that Fated Kin would worship every day, and it would become the God of Berserkers' Statue in the land of Berserkers.

Su Ming left with his second senior brother, Qian Chen, the bald crane, a mutt that would occasionally drool… and a mischievous beautiful woman that loved smiling.

This was a strange group. Every single time Su Ming turned his head around, he would not be able to help but smile wryly. He was mostly alone over the years, so situations like this were rare to him.

The woman called Yu Xuan was sitting on the mutt, and it was running and leaping while drooling and reeling about in midair.

Su Ming could tell that the mutt should not be so… lively. It was acting this way because Yu Xuan's hands had seized the fur on its head. If she yanked the fur to the left, the mutt would run to the left, and if she yanked it to the right, it would immediately run to the right.

Along with the mutt's actions rang Yu Xuan's bell-like laughter. There was joy in her laughter, as if she was completely carefree… but to Su Ming, that was not a carefree laughter—it was one of ignorance.

The bald crane did not take the form of an old man this time, but had turned into a boy and was asking for lessons from second senior brother. The man and crane walked together, and the occasional peals of dark chuckles from the duo as well as the look of regret that they had not gotten to know each other sooner along with the congenial air made an incredibly thick presence that belonged to creeps coming together.

Su Ming rubbed the center of his brows and looked towards Qian Chen, who was constantly by his side and had practically never left him. Qian Chen had clearly been traumatized by all the bullying. He was scared of the bald crane, frightened by the mutt, and terrified of the woman.

This was his first meeting with Su Ming's second senior brother, but when he heard how he spoke to Yu Xuan and saw how the bald crane had acted as if it was regretting it had not met the man earlier, he instantly shuddered. His gaze when he looked at Su Ming's second senior brother instantly became different, which was why he decided to stay as far away as possible from him while showing respect. He had a feeling… that only Su Ming could be considered somewhat normal among this group of people.

Su Ming rubbed the center of his brows roughly until that spot turned red. He let out a long sigh in his heart and no longer paid any attention to the people around him. Instead, he turned into a long arc and left into the distance.

"Xiao Huang, follow him." Yu Xuan grinned as she cast a glance at Su Ming's back, then smugly lifted her chin. There was no longer any need for her to hide in the clouds to follow Su Ming. She could stay by his side openly, and even if she had promised to get married to him, she was completely unbothered by it.

'Heh heh, before those two old coots come here, I'll have to protect him, only then will I be able to get a good price. Oh well, I might suffer a little bit of loss because of it, but this Su Ming will have it easy. Once those two old coots come, I'll leave.

'And if this stupid boy really falls in love with me, then it'll be his misfortune… Ah, I'm just too exceptional, that's why people always fall in love with me. It's quite depressing.' The woman let out a pleased sigh and patted the mutt's head, hitting it until the mutt started bobbing its head up and down, but it did not dare become angry.

It was not afraid of Yu Xuan, but was afraid of her family. To it, every single person in her family was mad…

Yu Xuan was feeling incredibly smug in her heart, but as she sighed, she seized the mutt's head. The mutt winced in pain and looked as if it was about to cry. A complicated look that was made of feelings of having been wronged and nursing grievances appeared on its face. Then, as if it had accepted its fate, it lowered its head and chased after Su Ming.

Second senior brother had a gentle smile on his face as he patted the shoulder of the boy that was the bald crane. With the attitude of someone from the older generation, he praised the bald crane in an over the top fashion.

"Not bad, little baldy, your comprehensive abilities are very good. You managed to inherit these skills of mine. Learn it well and trust in yourself. Set a goal for yourself, and someday, you will become a pillar of support for someone else.

"Even if someone hits you, even if someone humiliates you, even if someone looks down on you, you must persevere and walk down your own path. This path is full of hardships, but I believe that you will be able to move down it even farther than I did."

The boy that was the bald crane had an incredibly excited look on his face. He hit his chest with all his strength and nodded vigorously.

"I got it. I have a goal, and that goal is to make that Dao Chen into my steed. Damn… If I make him my stead, just how majestic will I look like at that time?" The bald crane's eyes shone, and he grew more excited with each word.

"Good luck. I believe you can do it." Su Ming's second senior brother's eyes sparkled. There was an encouragement within that smile, and he patted the shoulder of the boy that was the bald crane before he swept his gaze towards the mutt in the distance. An even more brilliant smile appeared on his lips.

Several days later, the sky above the spot where the Immortals descend in Eastern Wastelands was dark. Great Yu Imperial City was in the sky like a huge patch that covered it up.

There was wind blowing on the ground, and it stirred up waves of dust with sashaying sounds. On the land filled with cracks was a statue without a head. That statue held a gigantic battle axe in its hand, and there was an indescribable ferocious air all around it. The hearts of anyone normal would quiver upon coming close.

Su Ming stood beside the statue and was staring at it blankly. Right by his side was his second senior brother.

Qian Chen and the bald crane were in the distance. Qian Chen, who had his throat seized by the bald crane, had a glum face as he pleaded for mercy, but the bald crane was riding on his body excitedly, testing out the abilities of speaking out of logical convention, which he had learned from Su Ming's second senior brother over the past few days.

As for the mutt and Yu Xuan, they were flying happily in circles in midair… as if they did not know what dizziness meant.

Besides Hu Zi, all the disciples of the ninth summit had finally gathered together, but this gathering was filled with sorrow and silence.

Su Ming looked at his eldest senior brother's statue, and so did his second senior brother. Neither of them spoke, but they lifted their hands gradually and placed them on the statue at the same time. Time trickled by, and after some time, the statue let out a ray of gray light. It started flowing all over the statue before splitting into two and charging towards Su Ming and his second senior brother's palms.

The two rays arrived within an instant and surged into their bodies. A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He noticed that there was a presence that could numb his flesh and blood in that gray light, and that presence could turn him into stone, but he did not lift his hand off the statue. Instead, he circulated his cultivation base to suppress that presence.

A dark light shone in second senior brother's eyes, and his skin gradually turned green. With a cold harrumph, he, too, started suppressing that presence.

After a moment, a powerful rebound came from the statue, forcing off both Su Ming and his second senior brother's hands off. The two brothers cast a glance at each other.

"Eldest senior brother's presence is still around."

"We can chase away the gray light in the statue slowly, but it'll take time."

A smile appeared on second senior brother's face. When he looked towards Su Ming, praise showed up in his eyes. He had noticed Su Ming's level of cultivation once again, and he was very pleased in his heart. He knew that his youngest senior brother had truly grown up.

"If eldest senior brother wakes up, he'll also agree to the marriage I arranged for you, youngest junior brother." Second senior brother cast Su Ming a glance and suddenly said these words softly. His voice was very faint, and only Su Ming could hear them. There were also waves of power spreading out from him, blocking off all divine senses from intruding into this place.

"Second senior brother, did you manage to see where she came from?" Su Ming hesitated for a moment before he looked towards his second senior brother.

"The little girl is not a Berserker, and neither is she an Immortal. There's a presence within her that is similar to the aura of death, but it contains life force. This should originally be something that only puppets possess, but there is no way she is a puppet.

"I was quite uncertain about her identity at first, but when I saw that mutt, I was instantly clear about her origins!" Second senior brother did not lift his head to look at the woman and her mutt. He only spoke gently as he looked at eldest senior brother's statue.

"Master once said that his Master, which is our Grandmaster, had once told him that Immortals and Berserkers are located in a place called True Morning Dao World, but in this endless universe, there are four Great True Worlds." Second senior brother looked towards Su Ming.

"There is a world called the Emperor of Abyss' True World among the four Great True Worlds. The people in that world practice Abyss Arts. Their presence makes them feel as if they are alive but not, as if they are dead but not really. This description is very similar to what that girl exudes."
