# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 720

"Also, Master mentioned that our Grandmaster has killed a World Traversing Abyss Dragon and took three of its Origin Scales to create a treasure. He gave one of them to Master later… but Master gave it to me and I fused it with my phantom self. Only then was I able to stabilize my form.

"I refined that scale into part of my body a long time ago, that's why I could sense something different about that mutt. It's… not a mutt, but an Abyss Dragon, and it's not just any ordinary Abyss Dragon. It's even stronger than the master of the scale that is now a part of me," second senior brother said slowly. When Su Ming heard these words, he looked as calm as ever, but a thought appeared in his heart.

"Abyss Dragons are also known as World Traversing Spirits. These dragons are incredibly rare, and they are one of the rare ferocious beasts that can move through the barriers between the four Great True Worlds. If you can subdue this creature and make it your own, then it will be incredibly helpful to us when we want to leave Yin Death Region. With it, the possibility of us leaving this place will be higher. Only when we leave the world of Berserkers… can we search for our Master."

Su Ming fell silent. After some time, he nodded.

"Besides, this little girl is not bad at all. She's quite suited for you," second senior brother said with a smile and a wink.

Su Ming shook his head. He did not speak.

His second senior brother regarded what that woman brought with her with great importance. It was an ability that could leave Yin Death Region and could even move through the four Great True Worlds, something that only World Traversing Spirits possessed. This ability was incredibly important to Su Ming himself and his senior brothers. It could allow them take their first step towards finding their Master.

But there was not just one method to leave this place. Nonetheless, since this was a decision made by second senior brother, Su Ming did not refuse him.

Besides, this was a relationship where both parties were mutually exploiting each other. In fact, it could even be said that one party was exploiting quite a lot from the other, and that was indeed the case. Su Ming believed that the woman had her own reasons to follow and even help him, like she had done in the Dead Sea.

Su Ming had a few guesses as to why she did that, but he could not verify any of them.

"She must be seeking her personal interests by following you. If that's the case, then we should conspire against her a little. Only by doing so will we be able to reach a balance and you won't suffer losses. Don't worry, youngest junior brother, I'll help you handle this. I can guess what this lass is thinking about, somewhat." Second senior brother gave Su Ming a gentle smile and winked at him.

"Let's go. We'll take eldest senior brother with us… and return to ninth summit!" Second senior brother waved his arm, and a layer of black fog immediately spread out from his body to envelope eldest senior brother's statue. Then, it swept it up to his sleeve.

There were no longer any Immortals in Eastern Wastelands. All the tribes were assembling their strength, and they would need some time to gather together the large amount of their tribe members that had gone to the other continents. They also needed to build an innumerable amount of ships that could cross the Dead Sea. This, too, needed time.

Based on Su Ming's promise to Chi Lei Tian, Xue Sha, and the others, they would need to make preparations as soon as possible, and once they were done, they were to immediately send word to Su Ming.

"The ninth summit…" Su Ming lifted his head and looked into the distance. His eyes revealed his thoughts.

"Second senior brother, I… saw Zi Yan a few days ago," Su Ming said softly.

"Is she well?" His second senior brother was momentarily stunned. Some time later, when he asked that question, the gentle smile was still on his lips, but there was a nostalgic look on his face.

"She's already married." Su Ming hesitated for a moment, but in the end, he still chose to say it.

His second senior brother closed his eyes. A long time passed, and when he reopened them, not a single hint of difference could be seen on his face, but Su Ming could sense that his second senior brother was feeling a little melancholic.

"Then let's go see her."

Second senior brother lifted his head and let sunlight shine on the side of his face. His eyes might have seemed calm at that moment, but only he knew that the picture of a petite and pretty woman glaring and standing on the ninth summit with her hands on her hips had appeared in his head.

Su Ming nodded quietly and slowly rose into the air, then turned into a long arc. His second senior brother followed behind him quietly. The mutt and Yu Xuan that were still sauntering about in the sky as if they did not know fatigue followed them… as well as the bald crane that was riding Qian Chen. All of them flew into the distance.

Yu Xuan was sizing up Su Ming all along the way. Her gaze would also occasionally land on his second senior brother. Gradually, she saw something off about them and instantly became curious. She grabbed the mutt's fur, and it dashed a few steps ahead to catch up to Su Ming and stand beside him.

"Hey, little dummy Su, what's up with your second senior brother?" Yu Xuan asked, looking quite curious.

Su Ming frowned and did not bother with her.

"Little dummy Su!" Yu Xuan shouted at him again.

"Little dummy Su, big dummy Su, old dummy Su… I'm your betrothed. I'm not even married to you yet, and you're already ignoring me?! I'm breaking off this engagement!" Yu Xuan said loudly as she lifted her chin.

"Are you done?" Su Ming frowned and cast a glance at Yu Xuan.

When she saw that he was being so cold and indifferent, she let out a cold harrumph. She lifted her right hand and a jade bottle appeared on her palm. She poured out some medicinal cores that were exuding a thick medicinal fragrance, then threw one of them into her mouth and crunched on it.

The medicinal fragrance from it immediately made the mutt lick its lips. Even the bald crane riding on Qian Chen and following behind them widened its eyes instantaneously. It quickly moved a little closer and sucked in a breath of that medicinal fragrance, and its eyes instantly started shining.

'It's a supreme spirit core. That's definitely a supreme spirit core!'

"Abyss Control Core. It has incredibly good effects towards spiritual bodies and those who practice the cultivation methods that use Abyss Death Aura. If you are injured, you can heal your injuries with it, and if you're not injured, you can increase your power with it. Even if you eat a lot of it and there are no longer any obvious effects, it can still be used as a beauty product." Yu Xuan poured out another one of those cores and cast Su Ming a glance before she placed it in her mouth and crushed it.

Su Ming cast that medicinal core a glance, but before he could speak, his second senior brother immediately took a few steps forward from behind him and put on a gentle smile.

"Sister-in-law, my youngest junior brother is slow to the uptake. Don't bother with him. How about this? I'll answer your question. One question for five medicinal cores," he said with a smile.

"I want him to answer. Ten questions for one medicinal core." Yu Xuan narrowed her eyes, turning them into the shape of crescent moons. She was incredibly beautiful to begin with, and this expression made it seem as if her beauty had blossomed like a flower, making her even more attractive.

"My youngest junior brother refuses to speak, though. This is a little difficult. Two questions, nineteen medicinal cores," second senior brother stated at a moderate pace.

"He has to listen to me talk during our journey. Three questions, two medicinal cores," Yu Xuan said.

"That won't do. My youngest junior brother definitely won't agree to this. We'll have to talk about this…" Second senior brother shook his head, and they continued discussing the number of medicinal cores for the number of questions.

Su Ming rubbed the center of his brows again and looked towards the sky before he cast a glance at his second senior brother and Yu Xuan. Then, he let out a long sigh.

After a moment, his second senior brother and Yu Xuan reached a consensus. As for the number of medicinal cores that were negotiated, Su Ming did not know. He only knew that he would no longer have any peace during this journey...

"Little dummy Su!"

"You're not answering me, so I'm reducing one medicinal core."

"Big dummy Su?"

"Still not answering? Fine, I'll reduce another medicinal core."

"Old dummy Su!"

Su Ming turned around and glared at Yu Xuan coldly before letting out a harrumph. Yu Xuan instantly beamed and twirled a lock of her hair smugly.

"Oh, so you like being called old dummy Su, huh?"

Su Ming's second senior brother let out a few fake coughs and quickly took a few steps back to stand beside Qian Chen and the bald crane. As he watched Yu Xuan bothering Su Ming, he sighed and swallowed one of the medicinal cores.

"Youngest junior brother, if your senior brother Hu Zi was in your place and he was being bothered by such an adorable girl, he would be really happy." When Su Ming's second senior brother spoke, he brought out another medicinal core and placed it in his mouth.

The bald crane watched by the side with eager eyes and continued licking its lips. It was even drooling, and it caused an incredible amount of distress for Qian Chen, who was its steed. He continued sighing and groaning with a face full of despair.

'Damn this crane. I swear that once my power is restored when I leave the world of Berserkers, I'll definitely make this damn crane pay!' With a glum face, Qian Chen made this exact same oath that he had sworn for the umpteenth time during this journey.

In this manner, this group of people gradually flew out of Eastern Wastelands and moved into the Dead Sea. The numerous islands of South Morning were located not too far away from them.

"Little dummy Su, that big fish in the sea is really pretty, catch one for me."

"Little Su, why don't you call me big sister? Come on, hurry up, call me big sister… Hmph. Second senior brother, I'll give you three more medicinal cores. Just call me big sister once and I'll give you three medicinal cores, you know? It's a really good deal."

"Little Su Su, that Dead Sea Giant just glared at me. Go hit it."

"Dumb dumb Su Su, that sunlight is too vicious, hold an umbrella for me…"

Su Ming almost had a mental breakdown during the journey. That Yu Xuan chattered nonstop, and she had placed all her attention on Su Ming. She had even reduced the amount of time she bullied the mutt by a huge margin, making the mutt incredibly happy. It was only too eager for the woman to continue ignoring him, which was why it did not even stretch out its tongue during the journey or make a single sound, worried that Yu Xuan would remember its existence.

Second senior brother cast a pitying glance at Su Ming and swallowed a few more medicinal cores. His weakness had been cured by a large margin as he continued using these medicinal cores as supplements. As he watched Su Ming being tormented this way, he sighed.

"Youngest junior brother, I suddenly realized that this girl… seems to not be too suited to you…" Second senior brother had uttered these words when Yu Xuan immediately threw two medicinal bottles towards him. Once second senior brother caught them, the smile on his face instantly grew resplendent.

"No, no, you're very suited for each other, youngest junior brother. The two of you are a match made in heaven. You have to work hard and give birth to a few babies."

The bald crane looked at Su Ming with an incredibly pitying glance. Qian Chen did the same. Compared to what Su Ming had to endure, his suffering was really nothing.

When they were not too far away from the island where Zi Yan was, Su Ming finally snapped, no longer able to endure the torment. He sucked in a deep breath and suddenly looked towards Yu Xuan. His expression was not dark, though. There was a gentle smile that was similar to his second senior brother's on his lips. He had always had extraordinary looks, and coupled with his presence of Life Cultivation, he had a strange charm.

While this charm might be somewhat effective against other people, to Yu Xuan, due to the Abyss' presence within Su Ming's body that was from the same source as hers and was even purer than hers, it was a feeling of a sort of natural cordiality towards him. When he looked towards, she was stunned.

"Yu Xuan, could you give me a strand of your hair?" Su Ming asked softly and walked towards the stunned Yu Xuan. Once he was at her side, he lifted his right hand and stroked her hair gently.
