# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 726

Su Ming remained silent for a moment, then asked slowly, "Then who is Dao Chen? What is his relationship with Morning Dao?"

"Dao Chen is Morning Dao Sect's Progenitor and also master of True Morning Dao World. His will has existed for an endless amount of years, and it's said that his level of cultivation has reached an incredibly terrifying stage.

"I don't know the details either. When Master introduced Morning Dao Sect, he once mentioned that his Master, who is our Grandmaster, is one of the many Sect Elders in Morning Dao Sect.

"It doesn't matter whether it is the Immortals or the other races, as long as they have certain qualifications, you will find that you can trace them all the way back to Morning Dao Sect. There is a Sect Elder from Morning Dao Sect behind each of the races.

"Morning Dao Sect is like a huge web that fills all the corners of True Morning Dao World. That's why I said that Morning Dao Sect is actually True Morning Dao World.

"Our Grandmaster has only taken in eighteen disciples in his life. Our Master was taken in as a disciple when he was roaming about the lands of Berserkers. At that time, there were several other Berserkers who also went under our Grandmaster's tutelage. They once went out of the land of Berserkers multiple times with our Grandmaster… But in the end, due to different ideals, due to the difference in opinion regarding their path of cultivation, and due to Master injuring a large amount of people due to an incident, he left Grandmaster and returned to the land of Berserkers.

"When he returned to the land of Berserkers, the injuries he sustained that year did not heal, and he became weaker and weaker as time passed, but it was precisely due to this weakness that he created Change of Heart!

"It's the same Change of Heart that allows our roots and foundations to never change no matter what sort of divine abilities we practice or what happens to our external appearance.

"Our eldest senior brother is a descendent of Nine Li and the Lord of the Shamans. He has been with our Master the longest. I was originally a soul fragment in the world, gathered together by the first Phantom Equal from Phantom Dais Tribe to become a Phantom.

"I never had any intelligence. When Phantom Equal died, I suddenly obtained intelligence… I didn't vanish after that but started drifting about in the world.

"Many years passed, and then, I met our Master. He helped me transform and gave me the Abyss Dragon Scale to gather corporeal form. From then on, I followed Master and became his second disciple." Second senior brother spoke softly, but his voice reverberated in the air.

"Hu Zi's origins are even more complicated. He was also the one who was valued the most by our Master, because his potential surpassed mine and eldest senior brother's. He's…" Second senior brother cast Hu Zi a glance.

Hu Zi drank quietly by the side. He did not speak.

"Yin Death Region is a mysterious place. Master once said that this mysterious existence is a place that even Morning Dao Sect has to be careful of… Berserkers… Heh heh, Berserkers aren't a race that appeared naturally. They are one of the many races within Yin Death Region!

"Based on Master's understanding, there are many races in Yin Death Region, and in Morning Dao Sect's words, these races are all felons!" Second senior brother lifted his head and cast a glance at the sky.

"There are an endless number of worlds in the depths of Yin Death Vortex. That place… is the true Yin Death Region. The place where we Berserkers are located is actually one of the worlds in this gigantic Yin Death Vortex!

"The reason behind why Immortals descended into our world and why it's pretty famous within Morning Dao Sect is because Lie Shan Xiu, our first God of Berserkers was born here!

"He is an anomaly. He's a madman whose level of cultivation went through the roof. He's a powerful warrior that managed to walk out of the land of Berserkers and shocked even Yin Death Region, as well as sent Morning Dao Sect into a buzz!

"He is also the first Yin Death's Child that Yin Death Region eventually recognized and supported at full strength!"

Su Ming's breathing quickened. These things were rather similar to what he understood, but most of them were things that he had never heard before.

"He conquered many worlds and opened a path leading to Bright Yang Region. It was the path leading to the spot where Morning Dao Sect was located in True Morning Dao World, making the land of Berserkers the one and only region that could break into Bright Yang from Yin Death. It is also the path Immortals and the other races from True Morning Dao World use to come to our world.

"Lie Shan Xiu fought against Dao Chen, but did not die. He enslaved the people from various worlds, causing his name to ring through Morning Dao Sect and the land of Berserkers to become the transition spot between Yin Death and Bright Yang.

"That's why Grandmaster could come here and take in our Master as his disciple," second senior brother explained calmly. Every single one of his sentences verified Su Ming's understanding, and from there, he gained a true perception of the world.

"There are nine cultivation planets beyond Yin Death Region. The Immortals were the ones who placed those cultivation planets there to lock down Yin Death Region… but in truth, they can't seal Yin Death Region. They are just there for the land of Berserkers.

"But besides the cultivation planets, there's also a Rune that Morning Dao Sect laid out themselves, and it is one that the Immortals cannot control. That Rune is made of ninety-nine tiger talismans and forty-nine dragon talismans.

"This is just the first Rune used to suppress Yin Death Region… Even Lie Shan Xiu did not dare touch this Rune carelessly. Instead, he used his great power and his status as Yin Death's Child to open up another path, allowing him to avoid the Rune and exit the place, making the land of Berserkers a special case.

"Master wasted a lot of effort in the past to lure out a wisp of presence from the ninety-nine tiger talismans, though I don't know what method he used to do that. He gathered that presence together into a soul and sent it into a female Berserker he chose. Then, she gave birth to a son… and that is Hu Zi."

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath and looked towards Hu Zi, who continued drinking silently. It was clear that he had known about this since a long time ago, and at that moment, there was not a hint of expression on his face.

"Hu Zi's Enter Dream is a divine ability he was born with. It is a power born from the source of the first Rune. It is an Art that was left behind by the person who laid out the Rune.

"Our Master is a man of great talents. He once said that Hu Zi is the key to break the first Rune, and only Hu Zi alone will be able to do it!" Second senior brother lifted his head and ruffled Hu Zi's head. Hu Zi simply allowed this affectionate gesture. He placed his pot of wine down and looked at Su Ming.

"Youngest junior brother, that's how I came to be. I don't know what Master's plans are. I only know that Master is nice to me, eldest senior brother is nice to me, and while second senior brother constantly hits me, he is also nice to me. Youngest junior brother, you're also nice to me, that's why my life is yours!

"No matter what you want me to do, I will do it," Hu Zi said seriously.

Second senior brother then looked at Su Ming and said slowly, "As for you, youngest junior brother, Master once said… that he can't see through you.

"When you went off to the battle between the Shamans and Berserkers, Master watched you leave, and told Hu Zi and I that he can't tell where you came from. The aura of death in your body is similar to the Emperor of Abyss' True World, but it is different as well.

"Your presence and everything else made Master recall a secret his Grandmaster had once mentioned. It is a secret about what happened in True Morning Dao World in ages past. An unknown amount of years ago, when True Morning Dao World was at its strongest, a couple broke into their world…

"They should have been running from danger. At that time, the woman was pregnant, and the man was gravely injured… but the presence that spread out from his body incited a huge change in the entire True Morning Dao World.

"They did not seem to intend to stay for long in True Morning Dao World, but the change in True Morning Dao World's presence caught Morning Dao Sect's attention, and after using some unknown method, they became certain that the couple possessed… a supreme treasure that surpassed Morning Dao Cauldron.

"That treasure… did not seem to belong to any one of the four True Great Worlds!

"A battle to snatch that treasure began because of that, but the man was too strong. He was so strong that even if he was gravely injured, he still managed to spill a lot of blood. Even Dao Chen, who was at the peak of his condition… lost when fighting against him!

"If the woman had not felt pain in her stomach and started bleeding during the fight, then no one would have been the man's opponent… The woman's physical constitution was incredibly unique. Once she started bleeding, she lost all her cultivation base.

"Morning Dao Sect launched a crazed counterattack, and that was a bloody battle that swept through the entire True Morning Dao World. In the end… the man brought with him his anger, sadness, madness, his dying wife, and even greater injuries, and rushed out of True Morning Dao World.

"Before he left, it's said that his eyes turned crimson, and he turned his head back to look at his pursuers from Morning Dao Sect and spoke something," second senior brother said softly and looked at Su Ming.

Su Ming remained silent. He did not speak.

"This world… shall be built for Abyss!" Second senior brother stopped talking for a moment.

"From then on, the entire galaxy of True Morning Dao World started showing signs of withering. All the spiritual aura in the world gradually dispersed. There were even quite a large number of cultivation planets that turned into wasteland due to the complete drain of spiritual aura.

"This strange phenomenon caused a great wave of panic…

"Morning Dao Sect was no longer as strong as before, but even so, this sect was still the lord of True Morning Dao World.

"Master knew that you were called Su Ming, and because he could not tell where you came from, he thought of that rumor. He also remembered that there was a place that was sealed up in the Immortals' galaxy, and it's said that there is a corpse within that seal." Once second senior brother spoke up to this point, he no longer said anything else.

Hu Zi watched Su Ming remain silent by the side.

The night grew darker. The sea breeze brought with it humidity and a hint of cold as it blew past. It lifted Su Ming's hair, and he raised his head to look at the sky before closing his eyes.

After some time, a smile appeared on Su Ming's face. He opened his eyes and looked at his second senior brother as well as Hu Zi.

"I don't know whether this is related to the couple you mentioned, second senior brother… but I do know that I am… the soul of the corpse sealed in the land of Immortals," Su Ming stated calmly.

His second senior brother and Hu Zi did not say a word, but after a moment, Hu Zi lifted his head swiftly, looked at Su Ming, then lifted his right hand to hit his chest.

"Damn it all! Damn those Immortals! Youngest junior brother, don't worry, your senior brother Hu Zi will definitely get your physical body back!" Hu Zi said loudly. A serious expression that came from the depths of his heart appeared on his face.

"It doesn't matter what statuses we have. I am your second senior brother, and you are my youngest junior brother. We… are family." Second senior brother smiled. That smile that was just as it had always been in the past was especially warm in this dark night on the ninth summit.

"Our Master has gone missing. He should have run into an accident or been taken by force from the land of Berserkers… No matter what, this isn't our Master's will. We must search for him!" second senior brother said and clenched his fists.

"But where should we look for him?" Hu Zi asked loudly.

"Hu Zi, do you remember those rather strange words Master said before he left?" A glint appeared in second senior brother's eyes, and a ray of dark light showed up inside them.
