# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 728

Two people, two mutts… or perhaps more accurately speaking, it should be a dragon and a bald crane.

They turned into four long arcs in the sky and flew towards the portion of the Dead Sea beyond Freezing Sky Clan's island. Su Ming's expression was calm all along the way, but his brows were constantly furrowed. All of this was thanks to Yu Xuan, who had a lackadaisical demeanor while she ate roasted seeds by his side.

Yu Xuan's demeanor varied a lot from what Su Ming could sense. She would occasionally be mischievous, then shy and naive, then ignorant and confused, then dignified and graceful. Right then, this lackadaisical manner gave her another temperament.

Yu Xuan, who was beautiful to begin with, became even more striking due to her lackadaisical demeanor. If this was just the case and she had only continued lazing around this way, Su Ming might not have frowned, but the sounds of her chewing on those seeds constantly echoed in the air during their journey, and even the moaning wind could not cover up those crunching sounds.

"Little dummy Su, you've been constantly frowning all along the journey. Let me guess, are the sounds of me eating my seeds bothering you?" Yu Xuan spat out some roasted seed skins, and the yellow mutt immediately darted forward to gulp them down. The black mutt that was the bald crane was just about to snatch them, but when the mutt which was a dragon bared its teeth and glared at it, the large black mutt immediately put on a look of flattery and made a gesture as if it was saying that the mutt should go first.

Su Ming ignored Yu Xuan. That woman gave him a feeling that he could not see through her clearly, and this made him incredibly cautious. At that moment, he looked as calm as usual as he flew over the Dead Sea in the form of a long arc. His eyes were cast forward. In that direction was a layer of purple fog that surrounded an incredibly large area, and it filled every nook and cranny of that place.

That spot was Su Ming's destination. It was one of the three islands in South Morning, and it was occupied by the Shamans.

When they were just right outside the fog, Su Ming stopped and looked at the thick purple fog in that place. He sank into pensive silence, and Yu Xuan noticed he was treating her as if she did not exist, so she let out a soft harrumph, and a thought appeared in her head. Immediately, a sly look flashed in her eyes, and she let out a light cough.

With it, the mutt that was chewing on the skin seeds immediately perked up its ears and lifted its head to look at the fog. A look of scorn appeared on its face, and it let out a low growl.

That growl sounded like a dog's bark but also like a dragon's roar. It started off at a normal volume, but after a moment, it grew so loud that it shook the sky and earth, turning into a loud rumble that was deafening to the ears. This rumble was like a violent gust of wind that swept past the sea and charged straight towards the fog. Within an instant, it crashed into that fog, though the crash could not be seen. The fog that filled the area immediately started tumbling about violently, and the lingering sounds of the previous rumble echoed in the air.

In the span of a breath, the fog that had seemed thick disintegrated under the roar and started falling back swiftly. It looked as if a violent gust of wind was sweeping up leaves. Right before Su Ming's eyes, the fog… disappeared without a trace.

But that was not all. What Yu Xuan did could be considered as an act of helping Su Ming, but clearly, that was not the case. Once the fog disintegrated and fell backwards due to the mutt's growl, a huge island appeared on the surface of the sea.

That island appeared to be a small piece of land. Green covered all of the ground, and there were even some mountain ranges that lay sprawled on it. A primitive and slightly humid presence came crashing into their faces. At that moment, as the fog fell backwards, the ground also moved along with it...

As the growl echoed, an endless number of trees was pulled off the ground with their roots and fell back along with the retreating fog. If anyone lifted their heads to look from the island, they would see a layer of rolling purple fog, trees, earth, and even an innumerable amount of birds and beasts being swept away against their will.

As the ground shook, several powerful presences spread out from the forests and the mountain ranges, and along with them came shouts that were filled with shock and anger.

"Which audacious lunatic dared to offend God of Shamans Island?!"

"Are you asking for death?! All those who enter God of Shamans Island without permission must die!"

As those shouts rang out, nearly a hundred people flew up from the ground. Those people were all dressed in beast skins, which gave them a primeval appearance, but the Shamanic presence within them was incredibly pure. Among them were Soul Catchers, Battle Shamans, and Spirit Mediums, and most of them were Medial Shamans. Some of them even exuded vast presences, and those were Latter Shamans.

Yu Xuan placed her hands behind her back with a smile and stood by the side, even whistling a few notes, as if this had nothing to do with her.

Su Ming had been wondering whether he should break in or search for the Great Patriarch in secret and fight against him alone, but once Yu Xuan made a mess of the place, sneaking in was now impossible.

He knew that Yu Xuan had done this because of her personality and because she was angry that he had ignored her all along the way. She might have caused him some problems, but Su Ming still did not spare her a glance. He slowly moved forward.

The hair of Su Ming, who was dressed in white, was dancing in the wind. His expression was cold and aloof, and when he walked over, the Shamans closed in on him. At the instant the long arcs approached him, the presence of Life Cultivation swiftly erupted with a bang from his body.

The eruption of his presence caused the weather to change instantly and the air behind Su Ming to immediately distort. A powerful might spread out as his power erupted, covering the entire land.

"Stand back," Su Ming stated flatly. His voice was not loud, but as the mighty pressure and his power spread out, his voice entered the hearts and souls of the near hundred Shamans around, sounding like an endless amount of thunderbolts that crackled at the same time. It caused the Shamans' expressions to immediately change drastically, and all of them, including the Latter Shamans, coughed up blood.

In fact, besides some of the Latter Shamans, all the others felt their hearts tremble when they coughed up blood due to Su Ming's voice and might. Their consciousness was immediately shaken till they scattered, and they plunged down from midair. They might not have died, but they were knocked out by his voice alone.

The Latter Shamans gritted their teeth to remain awake, but blood started pouring from their eyes, nose, ears, and mouth. Shock and disbelief appeared on their faces, and those emotions turned into screams of fear.

"This is not great completion in the Berserker Soul Realm… You… You…"

"Who are you?!"

Almost at the same time Su Ming's might spread out, four presences that belonged to End Shamans immediately appeared. When they charged towards Su Ming, they turned into four people before him.

They were three men and one woman. Two among them were old men, while the last man and the woman were both in their middle ages. Once they appeared, they stared at Su Ming with incredibly grave expressions, as if they were facing off a powerful enemy.

Long arcs charged forth behind them from the entire God of Shamans Island. In the blink of an eye, thousands of long arcs flashed in the sky and transformed into Shamans. Their faces were pale, but they gritted their teeth and stood in midair as they looked at Su Ming from the distance.

Su Ming swept his gaze past the four End Shamans and stated flatly, "It's just a Shaman island, and you already have four End Shamans."

"Sir, who might you be? What have we from God of Shamans Island done to offend you? Please tell us." One of the four End Shamans, an old man with a lot of brown patches on his face, spoke with a hoarse voice.

His heart was in great shock. This person had managed to knock out nearly a hundred Shamans by just his might alone, and even the Latter Shamans had started bleeding from their eyes, nose, ears, and mouth. This sort of power was something that he could not match.

Before Su Ming even managed to get a word in, Yu Xuan's voice immediately rang out loudly and clearly by his side.

"Don't you understand yet, old man? This is a robbery. Do you even know what a robbery is? We're here to rob you!" An excited look appeared on Yu Xuan's face. Her voice reverberated in the air, causing the faces of the old End Shaman and all the other Shamans behind him to turn incredibly sour.

"Robbery?" The middle-aged female End Shaman beside the old man let out a cold harrumph, and killing intent appeared in her eyes.

Su Ming was indifferent. His gaze never fell on those Shamans, but was cast at the distance. Over there, he could see a mountain in the deeper parts of the island. That mountain was very tall, but strangely enough, while he could see it when he first cast his gaze on it, when he stared at it long enough, that mountain would disappear.

'The Shamans' sacred mountain…'

Su Ming was not unfamiliar with this land and this sacred mountain. He had come to this place before. It was before the Catastrophe of the Eastern Wastelands. At that time, Hong Luo had woken up, and he had his first battle against Di Tian's clone beyond this sacred mountain.

He still remembered that there was a coffin on the Shamans' sacred mountain…

It had been many years since then. Now that Su Ming had come here once more, the huge mass of land he remembered had turned into an island. He looked at the Shamans' sacred mountain in the distance, and had a feeling that many things had changed in the world.

In silence, he walked forward, and as he lifted his foot to take his first step to that place, a great, mighty pressure spread out with a bang, causing the air in the area around Su Ming to immediately begin distorting.

At the instant his might spread out, the expressions of the four End Shamans on the island changed at the same time. They could sense the terrifying pressure from Su Ming's body clearly, and if they continued standing in his way, they would be crushed.

The Latter Shamans who were bleeding from their eyes, nose, ears, and mouth and were standing closest to Su Ming found that they could no longer withstand the pressure. They coughed up blood and immediately fainted. Their bodies fell to the ground.

Almost at the instant these Latter Shamans fell unconscious and Su Ming took that one step forward, the four End Shamans let out low growls and spread out their powers at the same time. Those waves of power turned into four divine thoughts that belonged to End Shamans and pressed onto Su Ming in an invisible manner to resist against the suffocating presence coming from him.

Su Ming remained as calm as ever. He took another step forward. This was the second step he took. At the instant his foot landed, his presence crashed into the four divine thoughts from the End Shamans.

A soundless rumble turned into waves of ripples that spread out. The four End Shamans coughed up blood at the same time and all of them staggered three steps back. There were looks of disbelief on their shocked faces.

When Su Ming took his third step, his presence of Life Cultivation Realm came crashing forth with a momentum that could topple seas and mountains, and that presence pressed down on the four End Shamans as well as the thousands of Shamans behind them.

The four End Shamans immediately coughed up blood and were forced back once more. This time, they were not the only ones who moved back. The thousands of Shamans behind them also moved back at the same time.

With each step Su Ming took, they would take a step backwards, and it was especially so for the four End Shamans. As their faces turned pale, they coughed up blood and were forced back even more.

There was no need for Su Ming to fight. He only needed to spread his presence of Life Cultivation Realm, and it was already enough for to suppress everything.
