# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 733

The dragon's head emerged from the surface of the water to look at Su Ming. There was respect and fear in its eyes. It could sense the subtle presence coming from Su Ming's body, the strength of which was something it had never seen before.

Su Ming gently stroked the dragon's head, then stood up. The Shaman Dragon started trembling at this moment, as if it had sensed Su Ming's intention. More ripples appeared at the surface of the water.

It opened its mouth slowly, and as its body twisted about, it spat out a ball of blood about the size of a fist. A pure Shamanic presence spread out from that ball of blood. It gradually floated towards Su Ming and stopped before him.

Once the dragon spat out that ball of blood, it looked a little dispirited, but it lowered its head respectfully towards Su Ming before slowly sinking back into the depths of the swamp.

Su Ming received the ball of blood, and once he cast a glance at it, he put it away into his storage bag. Then, he turned around to walk out of the forest. He did not say another word to Guru Li Long.

He had already given Guru Li Long a chance, but the man had clearly chosen to reject his offer.

When he asked about Li Long's Life, he was not asking for an answer, but wanted to hear him say that he was seeking Life.

Yet Guru Li Long did not search for it, but had instead stated coolly that he was about to die. If Su Ming had only had his current life's memories and had only walked down the path of cultivation for several hundreds of years, perhaps he would not have immediately understood the meaning behind those words. However, he had experienced far too many things, and the several dozens of reincarnations he had gone through were equivalent to him living several dozens of lives.

This was not something Guru Li Long could compare himself to. There was an underlying meaning behind his words, and that was him making light of Su Ming from the bottom of his heart. He was not looking down on Su Ming's level of cultivation, but was looking down on his age.

To Guru Li Long, Su Ming was indeed the God of Berserkers, but he was too young, so young that it was difficult for Guru Li Long to completely acknowledge him and bow down his head before him and accept his guidance.

If Su Ming had been an old man who had been famous for many years, Guru Li Long would have shown a completely different attitude.

If that was the case, then Su Ming would have naturally not wasted his breath. When he turned around and left, his body gradually faded into the distance. There was a slightly complicated expression on Guru Li Long's face as he remained behind and watched Su Ming leave.

He, too, knew that he had rejected this chance. Perhaps this chance would have allowed him to reach a breakthrough in his level of cultivation, or perhaps… it would not have. After all, this God of Berserkers was so young that it was difficult to acknowledge him.

In truth, there were many who shared his thoughts. They would often think that they should not believe in the people who were younger than they were. Even if the other's level of cultivation was higher, it was still difficult for this group of people to change their mindset.

Guru Li Long's gaze continued following Su Ming as he left. When Su Ming was a thousand feet away, at the instant the forest had concealed a small portion of his body, Guru Li Long's pupils suddenly constricted.

He had a vague feeling that this back was rather familiar, and that he seemed to have seen it somewhere before. However, that memory was very ancient, and it was difficult for him to recall just where he had seen someone with a similar back.

Full of uncertainty, Li Long asked, "Lord God of Berserkers, have we met each other before?"

"No." When Su Ming spoke, his body disappeared into the forest.

They had indeed met each other before, but at that time, Su Ming had not taken this form. He had been an ancient old man, and was different from how he looked currently.

Su Ming did not turn his head back after he walked out of the forest and continued onward until he reached the edge of Western Sea Island. When he was there, he spoke faintly toward Yu Xuan, who was excitedly absorbing a large amount of storage bags, crystals, and Enchanted Treasures in the sky.

"Are you done fooling around? I'm leaving." Once Su Ming finished speaking, he took a step and walked out of Western Sea Island. He moved out of the Rune and charged towards Freezing Sky Clan's island.

He had already obtained everything he needed. Right then, his goal was to work together with his second senior brother while he cast his Art to let their eldest senior brother wake up!

The moment Su Ming left, Yu Xuan let out a cheerful cry and patted the cheerless mutt which had now turned into a big mutt that was several tens of thousands of feet big. That mutt was feeling incredibly unhappy. In its mind, it was a distinguished Abyss Dragon, yet its young master had insisted that it turn into a mutt.

Worse still, even if it had turned into a creature of tens of thousands of feet tall, she still did not allow it to turn back into an Abyss Dragon. It could only maintain the form of a mutt.

When they were leaving, the mutt turned around and glared at the thousands of Western Sea Clan members who had tried to surround it but had been scattered as it roared. With a harrumph, it turned into a long arc and charged into the distance.

There was still a black shadow moving around in busy excitement on the ground. At that moment, when the bald crane saw the big yellow dog leaving in the sky, it put on a reluctant face and quickly flew up to leave.

The land of Berserkers' Eastern Wastelands and South Morning were in relative peace. There was a countless number of Berserkers gathering together and amassing their strength. Soon, they would travel to the Alliance of the Western Region and to the Northern Province. While they gathered their strength, Su Ming left Western Sea Island, and Yu Xuan, the mutt, and the bald crane quickly hurried after him.

At the same time, right behind the Berserkers' sky and beyond Yin Death Vortex, which contained multiple fragmented entrances to multiple worlds, were more than thousands of longships gathered around the nine gigantic cultivation planets!

There were several cultivators dressed in black on each of the longships, and there were pictures of constellations sewn on each of the cultivator's clothes. The pictures of those constellations looked incredibly real, making it seem as if the cultivators did not have physical bodies when they stood on the longships in the galaxy. It was as if they had fused together with the place.

There were also nearly a hundred thousand Immortals standing around the thousands of longships. All of their expressions were respectful as they remained silent.

There was a young man standing at the longship in front of all the other longships. He had long black hair that floated in the air, a handsome face, but his lips were thin, and there was a faint hint of arrogance on his face.

His clothes were different from all the rest. The constellations on the other people's robes were still and did not move, while the constellations on his robes were turning about slowly. It looked incredibly strange, as if his robe was a world in itself, and it had its own course to follow when moving.

There were eight people surrounding this young man, like stars surrounding a moon. These eight people were all old men, and their levels of cultivation… were already at the level of the Lords of World Planes.

"You are just mere Immortals. How dare the three Sovereigns and five Emperors not come and pay respect to me when I come here?" the young man asked coolly.

"Young Lord, the three Sovereigns and five Emperors are…"

"Say no more. It's because my status is not high enough in the sect. Hmph, if my older brother was here, they would have already come here a long time ago to curry favor with him." The young man waved his arm, and his face turned dark.

"Young Lord… this is…" The eight Immortals around the young man laughed wryly, but their gazes as they looked at the young man were full of respect.

"This is the Yin Death Region you Immortals have been keeping guard of for generations?" The young man's gaze fell on the galaxy's Yin Death Vortex.

"This place is indeed Yin Death Region," an old Immortal beside the young man immediately said respectfully.

"It is rumored that Yin Death Region contains the power that can destroy the entire True Morning Dao World…" A glint appeared in the young man's eyes. He took a step out of the longship and stood in the galaxy. As he looked at Yin Death Vortex, a look of interest appeared on his face.

"Since it contains this sort of power, then when I become the Sect Master of Morning Dao Sect, I will definitely send someone to investigate this place." The young man took a step to get closer and check the place, but then he stopped abruptly right at the moment he was less than a thousand feet away from the vortex.

His expression changed drastically, because the galaxy beyond Yin Death Vortex was supposed to stretch out endlessly and be completely empty as far as the eyes could see, yet there were ninety-nine presences rising into the air. There were also forty-nine even more powerful wills circling around the area right behind those ninety-nine presences.

"There are indeed ninety-nine tiger talismans and forty-nine dragon talismans holding this place down…" The young man hesitated for a moment, but he did not continue trying to venture deeper. Instead, he turned around and returned to the longship.

"Alright, I'm just passing this place and can only stay for seven days. Make sure you gather up the amount of spirit stones I asked all of you to find." The young man stood on the longship and cast a cold look at the Immortals beside him.

The Immortal cultivators smiled wryly. A middle-aged man among them hesitated for a moment before he moved forward and spoke in a low voice.

"Young Lord, please extend the deadline. The amount of spirit stones you want is too great. We… need some time to prepare them…"

"Seven days, and not a single day more. If you can't gather up enough spirit stones, then… heh heh." The young man's face immediately turned cold.

"Young Lord…" An old man among the Immortals suddenly took a few steps forward and spoke up in a low voice. "It seems like you are very interested in this Yin Death Region. I have a method here that can allow you to enter Yin Death Region without touching the spirit talismans."

"Oh?" A glint immediately appeared in the young man's eyes, and he looked towards the old Immortal who'd just spoken. "Not bad. If the method you mentioned is truly useful, then I will give you a few more days. If that method does not work, then I will not change the deadline, but you will have to give me double the amount of spirit stones I want."

"Young Lord, do not worry. This way!" the old man immediately said, smiling faintly.

The other people hesitated for a moment, but none of them mentioned that the three Sovereigns and five Emperors had issued an order that forbade the activation of the Rune to send anyone down to the world of Berserkers. They could only activate it after the three Sovereigns and five Emperors had returned.

Several hours later, the thousands of longships spread out above the region that was filled with an endless number of continents in the Immortals' galaxy. The Immortals previously standing beside the young man now guided him towards the continent in the center, which was the place where Su Ming's physical body was kept on the altar.

The young man cast a look at Su Ming's physical body and asked coldly, as if he had just recalled something, "So he is that wench's older brother?"

"Young Lord, you are wise. He is indeed that person, and we need to use his physical body to activate the Rune that will allow us to descend, which is the method we use to enter Yin Death Region. But… we will need two days to prepare, and our levels of cultivation will be limited once we descend, so we cannot transfer a large number of people over."

"It doesn't matter. Dao Slaves 19, 21, 31, 41, 51, the five of you, come forth."

The young man was not at all bothered by what they'd said. As he spoke, five people from the black ships around them disappeared. When they reappeared, they were standing behind the young man.

"Activate the Rune. The five of them will protect you. Even if the three Sovereigns and five Emperors come here, they won't be able to do anything against me." The young man lifted his right hand, and a fan appeared in it as he spoke smugly.

As the Immortals' Rune was slowly activated, the moon above the land of Berserkers was bright, and the stars were few in the sky. A breeze blew across the sea, and the moonlight illuminated the waves in a pattern that made them look like silver foil. The breeze brought with it a humid air that crashed against the cliffs. Once the waves broke down without a sound, they were swept up by another gust of wind that came towards them and were sent spreading into places farther in the distance.

It had been two days since Su Ming returned to the ninth summit. At that moment, he was sitting on a cliff on the ninth summit. His expression was calm, but cautious. His Atman was cast outwards in all directions, so he would immediately notice even the tiniest bit of movement.

His second senior brother was sitting cross-legged beside him, and he had his divine soul spread out to stir up all the power of Heavenly Phantoms in the entire land of Berserkers in order to awaken their eldest senior brother. As for Hu Zi, he was snoring on the ground, protecting their eldest senior brother's consciousness by Entering his Dream.

Whether it was second senior brother or Hu Zi, neither could be interrupted while casting their Arts, or else… not only would eldest senior brother be unable to wake up, even second senior brother and Hu Zi's lives might be endangered.

Su Ming's duty was to protect them!
