# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 735

"Those two women are pretty good…"

A sinister glint appeared in Dao Yuan's eyes. With a single move, he walked out of the longship. He was looking at Southern Swamp Island, which was located right beneath him on the Dead Sea. At that moment, Fang Cang Lan was standing at the top of a mountain and looking into the distance. She was looking at the island where Freezing Sky Clan was located.

Wan Qiu was standing behind her. These two women might not be as breathtaking as Yu Xuan, but they were definitely still beautiful. There was also an ancient air to them, making the two of them look like orchids in spring and chrysanthemums in autumn. They were like two flowers growing off the same shoot, complementing each other.

Dao Yuan instinctively licked his lips and sneered.

"Not bad. I didn't think there'd be two pretty girls in this primitive place. They can already compare to my concubines." Dao Yuan opened the fan in his hand and pointed at the island underneath.

He then licked his lips and immediately said, "Dao Yuan 19, lead the others and slaughter the island. Don't hurt the two women there, but find out whether there are other women who are as pretty as they are,"

The five men in black wrapped their fists in their palms towards the young man with expressionless faces.

"Understood!"

Once these five people spoke, they immediately took a step forward. When they were about to descend on Southern Swamp Island, which was completely unaware of the danger hovering over it, the sky suddenly rumbled and shook so much that the weather changed. It looked as if waves of black fog had appeared high above. As it swept past, a chilling presence that was powerful enough to freeze hearts filled the area from all directions.

The five men in black who were about to descend on Southern Swap Island immediately spotted changes in their expressions. They stopped and swiftly returned to the young man's side. The young man was also momentarily stunned before he averted his gaze from Southern Swamp Island and looked around.

Waves of chilling air circled in the sky, but it was not centered in this place. They were just passing by and heading off to a location in the distance. The waves of chilling fog could not be seen clearly with the naked eye, but if anyone swept past the area with their divine sense, they would immediately find that it was not fog, but were distorted, fragmented souls.

Those fragmented souls were formed of humans and beasts. Their faces were illusory, and their expressions were lost, but they were all ferociously charging forward in a mad dash. It was because of their charge that the chilling air had gathered.

One of the men in black behind the young man immediately spoke in a low voice. "Heavenly Phantom Art! Young Master, there is someone casting this Art to stir up all the fragmented souls in this land to form the Heavenly Phantom's body!"

A glint appeared in Dao Yuan's eyes. He looked at Southern Swamp Island beneath him, then at the movements of the fragmented souls. An excited look gradually appeared in his eyes.

"Remember this location. We'll go and see who is casting this Heavenly Phantom Art first. He's definitely not some ordinary Berserker to be able to cast this Art. He might even be that so called God of Berserkers.

"We'll capture him alive, and I'll torture and kill his people in front of him. Ha ha! I've done quite a lot of things like this in the other worlds outside, but this is a first in Yin Death Region. It'll definitely be interesting. Once I return to the sect, I'll be able to brag about this to the others."

The young man laughed and moved back to the longship. Once the five men in black joined him, the longship turned into a long arc and disappeared from the spot, charging forward while following the chilling fragmented souls in the sky.

The black longship moved forward with extreme speed. Soon after, it moved past the various islands on the Dead Sea and came close to the three islands of South Morning.

The Dao Slave with the Feng Shui compass suddenly spotted a glint in his eyes. Several glowing spots lit up on the compass in his hand, which was showing the area where the three big islands of South Morning were located.

The Dao Slave with the Feng Shui compass swept his gaze past the compass and immediately said, "Young Master, there are several people here who are slightly more powerful. The person in God of Shamans Island is the strongest… He has already moved into the Second Step, but his aura is not pure.

"There's also a person on Freezing Sky Island. This person's level of cultivation cannot be ascertained. The fragmented souls and the chilling air are gathering there. He should be the one casting the Heavenly Phantom Art. But there are two other people beside him.

"One of them has a strange presence. He seems to be slightly similar to the tiger talisman in the world outside. The last one is in deep sleep due to grave injuries. His consciousness is very faint. The one casting that Heavenly Phantom Art must be thinking of using it to awaken this person."

That Feng Shui compass was definitely no ordinary object. The Dao Slave's experience and knowledge was also nothing to be scoffed at, or else he would not be able to tell so many things. However… he did not notice Su Ming's light on the Feng Shui compass.

The young man on the longship smiled coldly and controlled the ship so it would charge towards Freezing Sky Island, where Su Ming was. It was so quick that it arrived outside the island along the fragmented souls that filled the sky.

As a shocking boom reverberated in the air, the longship crashed straight into the defensive Rune on Freezing Sky Island without the slightest pause. The screen of light immediately distorted and was only able to maintain its form for the span of a breath before shattering with a bang. When it turned into an endless number of shards that scattered all over the place, the longship moved through the screen and charged into Freezing Sky Island!

At the instant the ship rushed inside, it did not stop and charged forward with a loud whoosh, heading straight towards the spot where the fragmented souls in the sky were gathering - the ninth summit!

Almost at the moment the longship broke the Rune outside Freezing Sky Island, Su Ming, who was sitting at the top of the ninth summit, opened his eyes. A bright light flickered in his eyes before immediately turning into a monstrous murderous aura.

The strength of that murderous aura surpassed what he had possessed when he fought against Di Tian in the land where the Immortals descend. He stared at the spot before him and spread out his Atman. Then, he saw… a longship in a long black arc charging towards this place from the distance!

He also saw the six people on the ship!

At this moment, the other people on the ninth summit felt the murderous aura coming from Su Ming's body as well as heard the loud crack that came when Freezing Sky Island's Rune collapsed.

Bai Su's expression changed. Yu Xuan, who had been frowning as she was immersed in her thoughts, lifted her head swiftly. The mutt that had originally been lying sprawled on the ground instantly stood up and glared at the distance. There was no longer any hint of laziness that could be detected on its expression, only graveness that had never before been seen on its face.

Almost at the instant Su Ming cast his gaze on the ship, bright starlight shone from Dao Yuan's Constellation Robe. The endless stars moving about looked normal, but when Su Ming saw them, he felt as if his heart and soul were about to be absorbed into them.

Without a single bit of hesitation, Su Ming lifted his right hand and pushed down on the mountain rock beneath him. With it, the originally empty sea in a circular area of ten thousand lis around the ninth summit instantly erupted with intense bangs. As those sounds rang in the air, the area within these ten thousand lis instantly distorted and turned into an illusion, making it difficult to see.

Dao Yuan's laughter reverberated in the air, and there was a high and mighty, arrogant air contained in his mirth.

"Ignorant barbarians. My Daoist Robe is a supreme treasure that is only given to the direct descendants of those named Dao within Morning Dao Sect. If there is any divine sense that attempts to harm me, they will suffer a backlash from the Rune contained within the Daoist Robe. Your divine sense must be badly injured now, you ignorant barbarian. I don't even need to attack, and you are already near death.

"Dao Slaves, break the Runes. Your young master has seen that they are indeed gathering up the fragmented souls and using the Heavenly Phantom Art to cure someone. Heh heh, the thing I like most is to make other people suffer."

Dao Yuan laughed smugly and fanned himself with the fan in his hand. There was a prideful and arrogant look on his face, and he was feeling incredibly excited.

As he spoke, four of the five Dao Slaves behind him immediately stepped out. With aloof expressions on their faces, the four people closed in on the distortions within the ten thousand lis of the ninth summit and lifted their right hands at the same time. They pushed together, and the distortions from the Rune shuddered, then released a loud noise. The sound that came from the tremor shook the sky and earth, and as that booming sound reverberated in the air, signs of cracking immediately appeared on the ten thousand lis Rune.

"Well, you have some tricks up your sleeve, at least. A Rune that is capable of withstanding one strike from four of my Dao Slaves at the same time is not common… Attack at full strength!" Dao Yuan's eyes sparkled, and he became even more excited. He pointed towards the Rune with the fan in his right hand.

As that Rune shook, Su Ming's face paled slightly while he stood on the ninth summit. The suction force from the robe on that person's body just now had been incredibly powerful. If Su Ming had not immediately averted his gaze and used his full strength to activate the Rune and resist that power, the backlash might have been even stronger.

"Morning Dao Sect!"

Su Ming stood up with an incredibly dark face. He cast a look at his second senior brother, who was currently casting the Art to gather fragmented souls while freezing air continuously spread out from his body, and at Hu Zi, who had a faint smile on his lips as he slept. His smile was incredibly happy.

A resolute look appeared in Su Ming's eyes. With a swing of his arm, he swept up his senior brothers and sent them into Master's cave abode. Then, he immediately walked out of the Rune at the top of the mountain. At the instant he did so, a loud bang that surged into the sky instantly reverberated in the air. The ten thousand lis defense crumbled at that moment, and its area of defense shrank to only five thousand lis.

The sounds of collapse were still ongoing. Before long, this defensive Rune would completely shatter. The reason for its quick collapse was not because the Rune was not strong enough, but because… the enemy that had invaded the territory was too strong!

Almost at the time Su Ming walked down from the top of the mountain, hundreds of Berserkers came forward from all locations. Their faces were pale, but determined.

Yu Xuan's expression changed, and when she saw Su Ming, she immediately started telling him all that she knew. "That is Morning Dao Sect's battleship. These people are all wearing Constellation Robes, and those robes contain great defense. That person who just called himself young master should be a direct descendant of Morning Dao Sect! The people who broke the Rune are Dao Slaves, and their levels of cultivation are…"

"They are Lords of World Planes in the Third Step, and even though their power is limited here, the effects are not strong because of the Constellation Robes," the mutt said. Its voice was ancient, and as it spoke, a mighty wave of power spread out from its body.

At it stared at the distorting Rune that was continuously retreating, it added in a low voice, "Young Lady, I can only protect you and Little Su if were to leave right now. As for the others… it will be difficult for me to do so with the limitations placed upon me in the land of Berserkers."

Yu Xuan was momentarily stunned, then she looked at Su Ming with a pale face.

"Yu Xuan, go," Su Ming stated flatly.

He himself would not leave. This was the ninth summit. This was his home. His senior brothers were here. He would rather die here in battle and be buried with his senior brothers than abandon them. The choice to leave alone was never an option for him.
