# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 736

Yu Xuan's face was pale. She bit her bottom lip, and uncertainty appeared on her face.

Su Ming's face was calm. In his eyes was determination and a readiness to die. To him, this was a battle that he had absolutely no chance of winning. Five Immortals whose power did not suffer much of a limitation and could still show a power that belonged to Lords of World Planes in the Third Step was simply too much.

Just one of them could kill all of them as if he was squashing ants. Su Ming might not have truly fought against a cultivator in the Third Step before, but the memory of the killing sword's might was still fresh in his mind. It was a power that he absolutely could not hope to stand up to.

But what could he do? He could not give up he ninth summit and leave alone while abandoning his senior brothers who were casting their Arts. Since he could not do this, there was only one path left before him.

If they could not live together, then they could only die together!

Su Ming turned his head around and cast a glance at his Master's cave abode. There was a reluctance to part on his face, but the determination on his face was greater.

The booming sounds were getting closer, and the Rune was falling back nonstop. In the blink of an eye, it only covered an area of a thousand lis. The four Dao Slaves in the Third Step were suppressing and shattering the Rune step by step with their mighty power like they were cutting butter with a hot knife.

Su Ming lifted his right hand slowly and swung it against the sky. A large amount of purple fog immediately surrounded his body. Once it turned into the Undertaker of Evil's Armor, he seized the air with his right hand, and purple fog instantly surged to his hand and turned into the Undertaker of Evil's Spear!

He seized the freezing weapon, and murderousness entered his eyes. He stood on the ninth summit like a mountain. If there were storms and typhoons, they had to first crush him, or else, they would definitely not be able to take even half a step into the mountain.

"I am indebted to the ninth summit for granting me numerous years of peaceful life. You were also the one who saved my life, sir. Today… I will die together with the ninth summit!" An old man walked out from the hundreds of people around standing about. He looked at Su Ming, and there was a resolute look on his face as he spoke.

"That's right. The ninth summit has given us many years of peace. We are in times of crisis now, but why should we be afraid of death?!"

More people walked out slowly. Their eyes were filled with red. They might be afraid of their enemies' level of cultivation, but sometimes, there were some things that people needed to do no matter how frightened they were.

"The ninth summit is like our home. Fighting to death for it is the best possible ending for us disciples of Freezing Sky Clan!"

"Our levels of cultivation are low, but we have passion. Even if we die… we will have our blood spill on the ninth summit. Even if we die… we will have our bodies buried here!"

More voices spoke out in low tones, with determination lacing their words, and these voices erupted from the hundreds of people around Su Ming. There was not a single person who chose to back down. The hundreds of people who had lived in the ninth summit over the past few years had looks of determination mixed with madness on their faces. This was a fearless attitude towards death. It was a resolve that stated that if they were to die, they would die in the ninth summit.

Bai Su did not speak, but her expression and her act of not retreating symbolized her thoughts. She looked at Su Ming, and her expression was filled with gentleness. She suddenly felt that there were not many regrets in her life. If she could die here with Su Ming in battle, it would be a good end for her.

Qian Chen shuddered. The bald crane beside him had a face full of anguish. It wanted to run, and it had done this sort of thing plenty of times in the past due to its personality, but this time… it could not take even a single step away. It looked at Qian Chen, then at Su Ming, and finally at the cave abode at the top of the ninth summit. For the first time ever, madness appeared on its face.

'Darn it, I'll be a man with them this time! I'll fight against those people!'

"Young Lady, if we don't leave now, it'll be difficult for me to ensure your safety when those five people surround and attack us." The serious looking mutt had a grave expression on its face at that moment as it spoke in a low voice.

"I'm not leaving, either!"

Yu Xuan gritted her teeth. She told herself that Su Ming was the one she valued highly and he could sell for a good price. If she left and he died, then everything she had done to this point would be a waste of her strength, and it would be a business deal that would end in the largest loss of profit in her life.

There was no way Yu Xuan would accept such a deal.

Once Yu Xuan made her decision, she immediately asked, "Xiao Huang, how many of the five can you handle?"

The mutt fell silent for a moment, then it slowly said, "I don't have their Constellation Robes, so my power is limited in the land of Berserkers. I could… barely hold three of them for an hour."

"If I cast a secret Art, then I could… I could hold one of them back!" Yu Xuan gritted her teeth and said this to Su Ming while wondering anxiously why the two old folks she had sold Su Ming to had not arrived yet. It had been a long time since then, and she wondered whether they had run into some sort of accident.

Su Ming remained silent. At that moment, the booming sounds in the area were getting closer. The Rune had already shrunken to merely some hundreds of lis due to the suppression. Dao Yuan's arrogant laughter finally reached in the midst of all the booming sounds.

"An hour…" Su Ming closed his eyes, then soon reopened them and wrapped his fist in his palm before bowing to Yu Xuan and the mutt. "I, Su… will remember your kindness!"

The mutt swiftly leapt forward, and a brown yellowish light erupted from its body. That light instantly reached far into a distance of a hundred thousand feet, and as a shocking roar reverberated in the air, its body transformed into a yellow dragon that was several tens of thousands of feet long.

The yellow dragon had a ferocious expression on its face. As it roared, it charged towards the shrinking Rune outside the ninth summit. At the same time, Yu Xuan brought out a crimson medicinal core with a pale face. Once she placed it in her mouth, she spun around and stepped out of the mountain, charging towards the four Dao Slaves who were destroying the Rune along with the yellow dragon.

When Su Ming saw Yu Xuan and the yellow dragon leave, a determined look that spoke of his readiness to die appeared on his face. His presence of Life Cultivation Realm erupted forth with a bang. An endless amount of snow and wind surrounded his body and swept him up. He turned into a long arc and charged out of the ninth summit, straight towards the Rune.

The hundreds of people on the ninth summit wore solemn expression. They stayed where they were to watch the shocking battle that was about to start. This battle would determine whether the ninth summit would survive.

The yellow dragon was the first to rush out. At the instant its body flew out of the Rune, it immediately brought a glint to the eyes of the four Dao Slaves who were casting their divine abilities on the Rune.

"World Traversing Abyss Dragon!"

"Emperor of Abyss' True World!"

The yellow dragon roared towards the sky, and the yellow light around its body instantly spread out to envelope three of the four people. The yellow dragon roared and flew towards the sky while the yellow light dragged the three slaves' bodies up after him.

"Damn it, this is indeed an evil place! This is a place that goes against Morning Dao Sect, or else why would a World Traversing Abyss Dragon from the Emperor of Abyss' True World appear here?!

"Kill that dragon! Skin it! Kill it! I want to bring it back to the sect and hang it on my door!" Dao Yuan immediately shouted out loudly. There was not a hint of panic within him. Instead, he was feeling rather excited.

As his voice reverberated, a chilling glare appeared in the fourth Dao Slave's eyes. He flew up swiftly, but just as he was about to rush into the sky and fight against that yellow dragon, a angry feminine shout came from the distorting Rune, and Yu Xuan flew out in the form of a long arc like a goddess.

The medicinal core she had swallowed had some sort of unknown effect, because at that moment, there was a thick wave of Abyss Death Aura instantly spread out from her body. As that presence surrounded her, her face turned even paler, making her look like a corpse.

Once she flew out, that Abyss Death Aura immediately spread out and blocked the fourth Dao Slave's path.

The instant Yu Xuan revealed herself, Dao Yuan's eyes went wide, and as his body trembled, he let out a shrill shout that made his voice sound almost hoarse.

"How could there be such a beautiful woman in the world?! Dao Slave 51, capture her alive! You must capture her alive! Do not harm even a single strand of hair on her head! Capture her alive and bring her to me! I will make you Deputy Commander!

"Dao Slave 19, go and help 51! You must capture that woman alive!" Dao Yuan was incredibly excited, and lust shone in his eyes. He looked as if he wanted to see through Yu Xuan's clothes right there and then. At that moment, he thought that his trip to the land of Berserkers was totally worth it.

The expressionless man in black, who was also the only remaining guard by his side, turned into a long arc and charged towards the spot where Yu Xuan was.

Yet before he could move even a thousand feet forward, a whirlwind formed by ice and snow charged out from the distorting Rune, and within that whirlwind was Su Ming.

He exited the Rune with a single step, but he did not charge towards Dao Slave 19. Instead, he rushed straight towards Dao Yuan.

He was traveling so quickly that there were afterimages behind him. With the Undertaker of Evil's Spear in hand and the snow around him, Su Ming's speed reached its limit.

A glint appeared in Dao Slave 19's eyes, and he gave up on moving towards Yu Xuan. Instead, he turned around to face Su Ming and lifted his right hand and pointed towards him.

Dao Yuan did not even move to dodge. A cold sneer appeared on his lips, and with arrogance, he looked at Su Ming approaching him. He was confident that this person would be immediately killed by his Dao Slaves before he could even get close to him.

Yet at the instant Dao Slave 19 pointed towards Su Ming, he turned the back of his palm downwards while his other palm was turned towards the sky, and he instantly activated Destiny.

This battle was incredibly crucial, and he could not afford to make even a single mistake. He had to attack… with his strongest move!

"That which exists between the past and the future is Destiny!" Su Ming swung his left hand at Dao Slave 19's finger. At the instant he swung his arm, the entire world's time seemed to change, and Dao Slave 19's finger froze in midair for an instant.

As that person's expression changed, a presence that belonged to a Lord of a World Plane immediately spread out from his body. A destructive power erupted forth with a bang from within him and broke through Su Ming's time reversal… but his finger had still frozen for an instant in midair.

That instant was a chance for Su Ming.

At the instant Dao Slave 19's finger froze because of Destiny, Su Ming appeared before Dao Yuan with a speed that surpassed lightning.

Dao Yuan stood stunned. Before he could manage to react to what was happening, Su Ming's Undertaker of Evil's Spear swept up the flying snow that contained the power of his Life Matrix. The snow had even turned slightly red, looking like the glow of autumn, when Su Ming… sent the spear straight towards Dao Yuan's forehead.
