# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 737

This was a thrust filled with Su Ming's conviction. This was the strongest thrust he could bring forth at that moment. The tip of the spear had already turned into ice because it had fused with the death in Su Ming's Life Matrix, which had the power of midwinter.

The spear thrust sliced through the air and stirred up a piercing sound that was unpleasant to the ears. At the instant Su Ming thrust the spear forward, the killing sword manifested before him and charged towards Dao Yuan with bloodlust right behind the long spear.

Even that Dao Slave 19 did not have the time to block this strike or save Dao Yuan. His eyes instantly turned red, and he took a swift step forward. His body distorted and he immediately appeared behind Su Ming… but he was still too late!

Almost at the moment Dao Slave 19 arrived, Su Ming's long spear touched the center of the stunned Dao Yuan's brows.

When it happened, a galaxy that stretched out limitlessly erupted from the moving Constellation Robe on Dao Yuan's body. The starlight was piercing to the eyes, and there was even a sharp presence akin to a needle from that light that would cause all the people who were touched by the starlight to feel intense pain as if their bodies had been stabbed by millions of swords.

At the instant a shocking boom reverberated in the world, a huge rebound spread out from Su Ming's Undertaker of Evil's Spear. That rebound surged into Su Ming's body, causing him to cough up a mouthful of blood.

As for Dao Yuan, his face had turned stark pale. He staggered a few steps backwards while starlight surrounded his body… but he was completely uninjured!

Yet even though his body was uninjured, fear had taken root in his heart. During that instant just now, he had clearly felt death coming towards him. It was especially so when he saw Su Ming's eyes. The madness in shook the heart of Dao Yuan, who had always abused his power, used the might that came with his family's name to lord over others, and committed all sorts of evil acts due to his status.

"There's no way you'll be able to break my Constellation Robe! Damn it, you—" Dao Yuan cried out shrilly, but before he could finish speaking, a shrill whistle reached his ears. It was the killing sword that was traveling right behind Su Ming's Undertaker of Evil's Spear.

This killing sword was the Immortals' supreme treasure. The sword spirit inside might have been injured when Su Ming was refining it, making it difficult for the sword to reach the power of killing all those beneath the Third Step… but it was still a killing sword, and its might was still not one to be underestimated.

At that moment, as it closed in through the midst of Dao Yuan's piercing screams, it stabbed the center of Dao Yuan's brows, right at the spot where the long spear had attacked.

Another shocking roar reverberated in the air. It came once more from the Constellation Robe on Dao Yuan's body rebounding the killing sword when it touched the center of Dao Yuan's brows. The killing sword to let out a grudging sword whistle and was pushed backwards.

Dao Yuan took a few steps back once more, and blood trickled out of the corner of his mouth. The spot between his brows might be uninjured… but the shock caused by Su Ming's spear and sword had injured Dao Yuan internally, because there was too big of a difference between his level of cultivation compared to that of his guards.

At that moment, Dao Slave 19 appeared behind Su Ming with killing intent and struck with his palm. The power of the Third Step was contained within his attack, and it pressed onto Su Ming.

He did not have the time to even turn around when the palm struck. However, he had already known how this would end when his first attack had failed to injure Dao Yuan, and he had made preparations. The moment the palm fell on him, a nine-colored light erupted from his body, and that light… came from the Five Direction Seal!

Once the seal appeared, Dao Slave 19's palm crashed into it. A shocking boom shook the sky and earth, and Su Ming coughed up a huge mouthful of blood, and his body tumbled to the side like a kite whose string was torn.

"Five Direction Seal? It's a pity you don't know the true way to use this treasure!"

Killing intent appeared in Dao Slave 19's eyes. He took a step forward, and with an even faster speed, he charged towards Su Ming. He had the confidence that Su Ming would die if he struck him again, even if he had that Five Direction Seal!

"Kill him! Kill him! How dare he hurt me?! You must kill him! Destroy his clan, wipe out his entire tribe, slaughter all his people!!" Dao Yuan screamed madly with a shrill voice not too far away.

He touched the corner of his lips. That blood terrified him. Even though he was not injured badly, this blood still caused fear to rise even more in his heart. His whole body trembled from the lingering fright.

As a person with the family name of Dao in Morning Dao Sect, he had numerous guards who were trained by his family to protect him since he was young. It wouldn't be wrong to say that he had never been injured since he was young, much less had blood trickle down the corners of his mouth.

The bloody stench in his mouth due to Su Ming's actions in the land of Berserkers was a first for Dao Yuan. From his fear, the thought of summoning the sect's army waiting outside the gates to rush into the land of Berserkers rose in his heart.

As his shrill screams reverberated in the air, Dao Slave 19 charged towards Su Ming. Right at the moment he was about to close in on him, Su Ming laughed brokenly, and a resolute look appeared on his face. He gritted his teeth and tossed the Undertaker of Evil's Spear.

But he did not throw it towards Dao Slave 19, who was chasing after him. Instead… he threw the spear towards the screaming Dao Yuan who was wiping the blood from the corners of his mouth while his face was stark white from fear.

Su Ming's hate towards Dao Yuan was running so deep that it was already embedded in his bones. If he could kill this person before he died, then Su Ming would be satisfied.

Besides, he could not even hope to put up a fight against Dao Slave 19 chasing after him. He was already badly injured. The Five Direction Seal had actually showed signs of not being able to hold when Dao Slave 19 had struck just now. Clearly, it was because this item was Dao Chen's property in the past, and these people… were also from Morning Dao Sect. There was surely a connection between them.

That was why the best way to save himself was not to fight against that Dao Slave… but to persecute Dao Yuan!

When Su Ming threw his weapon, the Undertaker of Evil's Spear turned into a long arc that closed in on Dao Yuan while stirring up a sharp roar and a large amount of purple fog.

"Damn it, save me!"

Terror immediately appeared on Dao Yuan's face. He believed that he would not die due to the Constellation Robe, but the rebound just now had put him in an incredible state of discomfort. Fear had been lingering his heart to begin with, and when he saw the long spear charging towards him, he screamed out instinctively.

When Dao Yuan screamed, Su Ming gathered Destiny's power in his left hand and swung his arm at the Dao Slave. When the Art to change the flow of time was sued again, the Dao Slave's body froze abruptly once more.

Dao Slave 19's face became dark. In his eyes, this person was weak, but his plans were incredibly meticulous. That strange Art of his and his method of using Dao Yuan to threaten him restricted him in many ways. He couldn't gain initiative like this!

This intelligence, these methods, and this divine ability were things that Dao Slave 19 had never encountered before through his entire life of fighting and killing others. Murderous intent shone in his eyes, and he thought to himself that he had to quickly kill this person, or he would surely become a huge problem in the future because of his guile if he managed to escape from this disaster and grew up.

At the instant he stopped, he suddenly let out a shocking cry, and as his voice reverberated in the air, Su Ming coughed up blood. His ears rang, and his injuries became even worse.

Dao Slave 19's body might have stopped during that instant, but when his voice traveled forward, cracking sounds echoed in the air in front of Dao Yuan, and huge cracks immediately appeared in midair. By the looks of it, those cracks wanted to swallow the incoming Undertaker of Evil's Spear.

A resolute look appeared on Su Ming's face. His heart might be in great pain for what he was about to do next, but at that moment, he still let out a low shout without any hesitation.

"Undertaker of Evil's Spear… Explode!!"

At the instant Su Ming spoke, the Undertaker of Evil's Spear let out a cry filled with grief. It had been with Su Ming for a very, very long time, and that sorrowful cry was its reluctance to part with him, but it did not hesitate. At the instant it closed in on the dimensional cracks, it exploded with a bang.

The spear was created by the first God of Berserkers. With the first God of Berserkers' level of cultivation, the might of the Enchanted Treasures he created would definitely be nothing short of extraordinary. If it were not because Su Ming's level of cultivation was not high enough, then he would definitely have been able to bring forth more of this spear's power.

At that moment, when the Undertaker of Evil's Spear exploded, a destructive power erupted and spread in all directions with a bang.

Dao Yuan was the first to be struck by the explosion. The terror of death rose in his heart, and it was several times stronger than before. His face grew even whiter, and his pupils shrank.

Dao Slave 19's expression changed drastically as well, which had never happened before. He was already incredibly close to Su Ming at that moment, and if he lifted his hand, he could execute an Art to kill him… but he did not have the time. He could not bother with killing Su Ming. His hate towards his schemes and his method of using Dao Yuan to threaten him ran deep into Dao Slave 19's heart, but he could do nothing about it. If he continued chasing after Su Ming, then Dao Yuan would definitely be in danger. He gritted his teeth and turned around to chase after Dao Yuan.

A shocking boom that even managed to make Yu Xuan and the yellow dragon tremble rose into the nine heavens at that instant. The rumbles from the tremor turned into waves that madly spread out through the area. The final thought Su Ming had sent to the Undertaker of Evil's Spear before it exploded had made it so the power from the explosion was limited to a very small area. This was why the effect to the other areas was not actually very powerful, despite the loud sound.

In the midst of the rumbling sounds, Su Ming fell backwards. His actions just now might have seemed dangerous, but every single step he took was part of his calculations. As he retreated, he coughed up blood once again. His face turned pale. He knew that he was heavily wounded… but he had to fight, because the ninth summit and his three senior brothers were right behind him.

At the instant Su Ming withdrew, he lifted his right hand, and the Welcoming of Deities appeared in his hand. He swallowed it without any hesitation.

When he did so and the rumbles around faded away, he saw Dao Slave 19 standing before Dao Yuan, right at the spot where the Undertaker of Evil's Spear had exploded. He was using his body to shield Dao Yuan. With a pale countenance, he coughed up a mouthful of blood, and his face instantly became much older. His Constellation Robe had also been torn during the explosion before eventually being shredded to pieces and scattered by the wind.

Judging by the man's aged looks, he had surely paid an incredibly huge price to protect himself and his charge from the self-destruction of the Undertaker of Evil's Spear. Yet even so, he had still been gravely injured.

Dao Yuan's face was even paler. Blood trickled down the corners of his mouth once again, while the stars in the Constellation Robe on his body were spinning about rapidly. As blood trickled out of Dao Yuan's mouth, he let out a piercing screech.

"He hurt me! Kill him! KILL HIM!"
