# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 739

All the things Su Ming had done from the moment he stepped out of the ninth summit to the moment he used the Candle Dragon's body to devour Dao Slave 19 were his limit. It was him gaining complete control over the situation after laying various schemes against Dao Slave 19. He had not gotten close to Dao Slave 19 and fought directly against him, but had chosen to use Dao Yuan's safety as a distraction. By threaten him with a barrage of attacks as if he was storming his enemy's lair, he had made Dao Slave 19 lose initiative and be restricted every time he tried to move.

The might of the Third Step was something Su Ming could not hope to stand up to. His body might be incredibly tough, but the difference in their levels of cultivation was enough to make him unable to last long under Dao Slave 19's barrage of divine abilities and collapse.

This was still the land of Berserkers. The suppression placed on the Dao Slaves' power might not be serious, but they were more or less affected, which prevented them from using some of their divine abilities as freely as they could in the outside world. Yet even so, Su Ming had still paid a heavy price for his actions.

And he hadn't even managed to kill Dao Yuan.

At that moment, as Su Ming quickly fell backwards, blood continued trickling out of his mouth. He glared at Dao Yuan, who was still causing a ruckus in the distance, and at Dao Slave 21, who was charging towards him.

Su Ming knew that he could not hope to stand up against such powerful enemies. However, even if he was as weak as an ant in front of these people, he would still have the courage to fight against them and bare his fangs.

"I've fought countless battles in my life, and I've barely escaped death many times. This disaster today is even more difficult than when Di Tian descended… but for the ninth summit, dying is nothing."

Su Ming laughed towards the sky. In this time of crisis, he had found himself being able to let go of everything. As he retreated, he lifted his left hand with the back of his hand turned downwards and his palm turned upwards. He brought out his full power as Destiny and pushed his palm against the center of his brows.

His current appearance was no longer that of a teenager, but a young man. This was a transformation that happened to him when he stepped into Life Cultivation Realm.

At that moment, when Su Ming pressed his left hand against the center of his brows, the power of Destiny erupted from his body with a bang. The shadows of an infant and a purple-haired man appeared behind Su Ming's body. These two shadows instantly began to overlap with Su Ming's body, but Dao Slave 21 closed in on him with a single step.

The strength of this Dao Slave, who could still bring out the power of the Third Step even in the land of Berserkers, was something that the three Sovereigns and five Emperors could not hope to compare to even in the world outside. In fact, they were not even within the same level. They might also be Lords of World Planes, but those who had just reached the Third Step shared the same title as those who had reached the later stage of the Third Step.

The five Dao Slaves had just reached the initial stage of the Third Step, but their power only suffered a slight suppression in the land of Berserkers. They could bring out power that was between the Second and Third Step.

All of this was due to the Constellation Robes they wore. There were not just five of these Constellation Robes, either. All the people standing in the various ships within the Immortals' galaxy were wearing these Constellation Robes.

In general, these robes had the power to resist the power of the laws in the land of Berserkers and allow a person's level of cultivation to not suffer too many limitations. If one considered that, the Immortals should be trying to obtain a large amount of those robes so that they would not be affected when they descended, but despite the great numbers of those robes, only Morning Dao Sect disciples could obtain them.

The Immortals were only vassals under a faction of power that belonged to Morning Dao Sect. They were not allowed to possess Constellation Robes.

This was one of the reasons why they didn't have them, while the other one was that all of these Constellation Robes were… Subsidiary Constellation Robes!

On their own, these robes would not possess such strange abilities, and neither would they cause their wearer to not be limited by the laws in the land of Berserkers. The reason why the Subsidiary Constellation Robes possessed such might was… in Sacred Constellation Robe on Dao Yuan's body.

All people who wore Subsidiary Constellation Robes had to listen to the person wearing Sacred Constellation Robe as if they were soldiers listening to the orders from a command center. They could not go against those orders. It was akin to a form of control, but it would not affect the wearer's intelligence and mind. It was just that they would now have a master within their thoughts.

This master was the wearer of that Sacred Constellation Robe, and he owned all Subsidiary Constellation Robes they wore.

Only while Sacred Constellation Robe existed could its subsidiaries not be too affected by the power of the laws in the land of Berserkers.

If Immortals wanted to obtain Subsidiary Constellation Robes, they would have to become slaves to someone. If they did not want to do so and sought to possess Sacred Constellation Robe by themselves, they would be faced with the threat of their race's complete annihilation.

Sacred Constellation Robes could only be possessed by those who bore the family name of Dao in Morning Dao Sect. It did not matter what sort of level of cultivation they possessed or what personality they had, as long as a person was a direct descent of the Dao family, they could build up their own faction with their Sacred Constellation Robe.

If the power of one's faction grew, their Sacred Constellation Robe would also be able to bring forth greater might. In fact, it could even allow the power of that direct descendant of the Dao family to increase exponentially.

With Dao Yuan's personality and his level of cultivation, the strength of the group he formed was at the very bottom of Morning Dao Sect. He only had a couple thousands of cultivators with him, and the only ones who had power in the Third Step were Dao Slave 19, 21, 31, 41, and 51—these five people.

The other people's levels of cultivation were mixed, and the strongest besides these five people had only attained great completion in the Second Step.

That was why even though Dao Yuan had passed by the Immortals, who were vassals under Morning Dao Sect, people like Di Tian and the other from the three Sovereigns and Five Emperors did not bother with him, much less came to pay respect to him. He was simply one of the many young lords in Morning Dao Sect.

The five Dao Slaves who were in the Third Step had been able to bring out an incredibly great power in the land of Berserkers due to the Subsidiary Constellation Robes they wore under the control of Sacred Constellation Robe, and it was the reason why they had become such a great disaster to Su Ming.

At that moment, as Su Ming executed the power of Destiny, Dao Slave 21's face turned dark. He was going to obey Dao Yuan's orders to kill Su Ming. In his eyes, this youth was a despicable and shameless person who only knew how to use schemes and tricks. If the two of them faced head on, Dao Slave 21 was confident that he could kill him in just one strike.

At the instant he closed in on Su Ming with a dark expression on his face, a dark light shone in Su Ming's eyes. The infant's illusion and the purple haired man's shadow were rapidly fusing together around him. Right then, a wave of Abyss Death Aura which brought with it a sense of familiarity to Su Ming's soul erupted behind him.

Yu Xuan took a step forward from behind Su Ming with a face as pale as that of a corpse and lifted her right hand in front of him and pushed her palm towards the incoming Dao Slave 21.

As she did so, a powerful wave of Abyss Death Aura erupted from her body, crashing into the incoming Dao Slave 21 with a bang.

"You're just asking for death!"

Dao Slave 21 let out a cold harrumph, not bothering to dodge. He merely pointed at Yu Xuan's palm. A star seemed to gather on his finger, letting out a piercing light. At the instant it crashed into Yu Xuan's palm, a loud bang surged into the sky, and Yu Xuan coughed up blood and staggered backwards. Even her eyes lost their usual sparkle.

At that moment, the shadows of the infant and the purple-haired man fused together around Su Ming. His hair instantly turned gray, and his body transformed into that of a seven-to-eight-year-old boy. A thick wave of aura that was incredibly similar to Yu Xuan's Abyss Death Aura erupted from Su Ming's body.

His face turned pale, aking to that of a dead person. At that moment, he looked extremely similar to Yu Xuan, who was by his side. It was as if they had been cut from the same cloth.

A gray light shone in Su Ming's eyes. At the instant Yu Xuan moved back, he charged towards Dao Slave 21 without any hesitation. When he lifted his right hand, he swung it forward, and the world immediately rumbled. A law dictating time to flow in reverse filled the area and forced Dao Slave 21's body to freeze for a moment, but only a moment.

Yet it was enough for Su Ming to swiftly raise the killing sword in his right hand and slice diagonally before himself. When the sword passed before Su Ming like a bolt of lightning, Yu Xuan gritted her teeth and rushed forward again to fight against Dao Slave 21 together with Su Ming.

Booming sounds surged into the sky. Su Ming coughed up blood when he fell back once more, and Yu Xuan followed after him with broken laughter. Even if the two of them attacked together, they could only make Dao Slave 21 sway a little. Very soon, powerful starlight filled the area around Dao Slave 21, and he charged towards Su Ming and Yu Xuan.

"Die, both of you!"

Dao Slave 21's face was twisted with ferociousness. Ge took a step forward, and an even louder bang rang out. Su Ming's entire body trembled, and he fell back like a kite whose string was snapped. As he coughed up a mouthful of blood, his injuries reached a point where he was almost near death. Yu Xuan was in the same state. In her anguish, she looked at Dao Slave 21 walking over from the distance, then turned her head around to look at Su Ming.

Dao Yuan excited screams reached them at that moment. "Haha, kill the man and leave the woman! Damn it, I'll definitely tear out his bones and skin him! I'll make him regret hurting me even if he dies!"

Dao Slave 21 nodded. He took a step forward and closed in on Su Ming and Yu Xuan who were less than a hundred feet away. The Dao Slave's face was twisted with savagery, and at the instant killing intent shone in his eyes, the starlight around him turned into rays of light that were light sharp needles. When he lifted them in his right hand, those sharp needles burst forth with a bang.

Just as they were about to charge towards Su Ming and Yu Xuan, Su Ming bit the tip of his tongue, making his consciousness, which had become muddled due to his grave injuries, clear up slightly. There was no despair in his eyes, only calmness. It was a fearlessness in the face of death.

Almost at the instant Dao Slave 21 came close, Su Ming grabbed Yu Xuan with his right hand. This was the first time he took hold of her hand, and he found out that it was icy cold, just like a corpse's.

"Are you afraid?" Su Ming asked with a smile.

"No." Yu Xuan was momentarily stunned before a beautiful smile bloomed on her pale lips, which still had blood trickling down their corners. She shook her head.

Su Ming pulled her behind himself without any hesitation. At the same time, he lifted his left hand and swung it in the air. The world rumbled, and in the midst of a layer of distortions in the air, Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers appeared, blocking him and Yu Xuan behind while facing Dao Slave 21's star divine ability.

Dao Slave 21's lips curled up in a cold sneer. He activated all his power and turned it into an endless amount of starlight that closed in on Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers within an instant. A loud rumble shook the sky and earth, reverberating in the air, and during that instant, with just one strike, Su Ming's statue of the God of Berserkers shattered to pieces. The starlight shot through, then, causing Su Ming to cough up blood. Injuries opened up all over his body, and blood covered him. His consciousness faded away.

Yu Xuan was in a slightly better condition. She dragged Su Ming back with her as she retreated, while blood trickled down the corners of her mouth. Despair appeared on her face.
