# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 741

When the three people tossed Su Ming and Yu Xuan to the ninth summit, they rushed back straight towards the incoming Dao Slave 21. In the midst of the booming sounds that signaled death, Su Ming let out the shrillest roar in his life.

As he roared, Dao Slave 21 walked out of the blood mist caused by the trio's self-destruction with an aloof face. Dao Yuan had an excited expression on his face as he followed right after.

At that moment, Su Ming and Yu Xuan were still five thousand feet away from the ninth summit, but it was useless. Even if they managed to reach the ninth summit, it was useless… In Yu Xuan's ears echoed her mother's voice. As that voice rang, her mind gradually came out of it muddle state, and she looked at Su Ming.

"Do you know why I'm called Yu Xuan..? The meaning for Xuan is daylily, and it is a type of flower that forgets sadness. I'm a daylily in the rain. This is the name my mother gave me. She wanted me to forget sadness in my life and be happy forever… My mother is calling me now. I'll be leaving to reunite with my mother… Before I leave, I'll give you a gift."

A smile appeared on her face. That smile was incredibly sincere and beautiful. She looked at Su Ming and held him gently as she kissed his blood-stained lips.

At the instant her lips touched Su Ming's, a wave of Abyss Death Aura moved from her mouth into Su Ming's body and fused with his soul. The aura turned into a roar inside Su Ming, and he felt as if his soul began to boil.

Yet as it happened, Yu Xuan's lips became colder. Gradually, the sparkle in her eyes disappeared completely, leaving behind only dullness.

"This time, I really suffered a huge loss… but I'm really happy… to have gotten to know you." Yu Xuan released her grip, and her body plunged to the ground.

Su Ming felt as if his soul was burning. Waves of pain washed over him, but he could sense that his soul was madly swelling up. This feeling was enough to drive him mad. It was as if his blood had been awakened and as if his soul was going through a metamorphosis. During that moment, a feeling of strength came along with the pain, and it was increasing at a frenzied pace.

Su Ming did not know what Yu Xuan had given to him, but he did know that it was what his soul had been lacking. The breath she gave him was familiar somehow, and it was something seemed to have completed his soul.

The instant Abyss' Awakening erupted in Su Ming's soul, intense pain submerged him. He roared shrilly from it. He extended his arm without any hesitation grabbed the hand of Yu Xuan, who had now lost her consciousness and who was uncertain to survive this. It was as if Su Ming wanted to take hold of Yu Xuan's body and save it from plunging to the ground.

Yet Dao Slave 21 had already moved towards him. His lifted right hand was shining with starlight. Right at the instant it was about to land on Su Ming, a person walked out from the distortions within the five thousand feet behind Su Ming. It was… Bai Su.

She was dressed in white and was incredibly beautiful. There was a smile on her face, and within her smile as well as her gaze was a wild beauty. She moved past Su Ming and rushed towards Dao Slave 21 like a moth having seen a flame.

At that instant, the presence of self-destruction surrounded her body. That presence was like the water from the river in the sky spilling onto the ground, just like her Life…

"I can, too…" These were the final words Bai Su said before she self-destructed. As she spoke, a loud boom that surged into the sky reverberated in the air before Su Ming.

As those booms roared, Su Ming watched Bai Su disappear, and he went mad.

A white piece of fabric fell back and moved past his side as the shockwaves from the explosion spread out. He wanted to grab it… but he did not manage to. The white piece of fabric flew farther and farther away. He wanted to grab it… but he would have to let go of Yu Xuan's hand to do so.

He wanted to grab it… but that white piece of fabric flew farther and farther. His grip on Yu Xuan's hand gradually lost strength, because the intense pain spreading through his soul was unbearable. It was a feeling as if his soul was about to erupt, a crazed feeling as if he was about to awaken.

When Yu Xuan's hand slipped out of Su Ming's grip because he had lost his strength, her body plunged to the ground. Her eyes remained closed through it all, and Su Ming descended into madness, his eyes weeping tears of blood.

He pressed his palms against his head, not hiding his red eyes, and roared like a wild beast howling in despair. It was also at that instant that the yellow dragon in the sky let out a shrill roar. It charged towards the ground. At that moment, it could no longer bother about the three Dao Slaves. There was only one thought remaining in its head - to catch Yu Xuan.

Its body swept through the air and charged to the ground. At the instant Yu Xuan was to hit the ground, the dragon caught her on its back. A shrill roar came from its mouth. A large amount of Abyss Death Aura erupted from its body and surged into that of Yu Xuan. At the same time, a layer of distortions appeared in the space before the yellow dragon, as if the entrance to another world had been forcefully opened due to the World Traversing Abyss Dragon's inborn divine ability.

It wanted to take its young master and leave the place. Its face was filled with grief, because it could sense that no matter how much Abyss Aura it sent into its young master's body, she was still moving slowly towards death.

The three Dao Slaves in the sky charged towards the dragon, causing Dao Yuan to become even more arrogant and unbridled. Dao Slave 21 let out a cold harrumph and moved past the region where Bai Su had exploded to appear right in front of Su Ming. With an aloof look on his face, he pointed at Su Ming with his right hand through the air. Immediately, a large amount of starlight spread out from his hand. That starlight instantly enveloped Su Ming's body.

With a loud bang, Su Ming was torn to pieces. Only his right hand was left. When his hand flew out, it was pushed backwards by the impact brought by his body's destruction and caught up with the white piece of fabric that was floating farther and farther into the distance. He caught it.

Of his left arm, only one finger remained, and it fell on the yellow dragon's body as it traveled above the surface of the sea, carrying Yu Xuan.

Su Ming thought he died, because at that moment, he could sense that his soul had scattered into the world. He could see his right hand seizing that white piece of fabric. He could see his left index finger landing beside Yu Xuan's body.

He could also see his eldest senior brother's statue within his Master's cave abode at the top of the ninth summit. He could see his second senior brother meditating as well as Hu Zi snoring. He could see all of these things.

He could see the four Dao Slaves and Dao Yuan as well. He could sense their presence.

Besides seeing these things, for the first time, he sensed three black spots that were different from his soul within himself. Three different waves of consciousness were spreading out of the three black spots. It was as if he had three other people's souls within his own.

The three people's souls looked as if they had fused with his soul… turning into the final three seals.

There were already no distinctions between these three seals and his soul. It would have been difficult to separate them under normal circumstances… but that breath of Abyss Death Aura Yu Xuan had passed to Su Ming before she closed her eyes had caused his soul to boil… and it had either gained completion, or changed.

It allowed his soul to sense the three seals. At the instant Su Ming detected the three seals, three raspy and old voices appeared in his mind.

"I thought that you would never be able to sense us, that Hong Luo was just an accident."

"Scatter your mind, let us leave. We will no longer be your seal. You will also no longer be the cage that locks the three of us."

"The three of us will leave and help you live through this disaster. The three of us will leave, and we will make it be so that you will no longer be sealed."

"Scatter your mind. Don't you want to take revenge? Don't you want to kill these people on your own? Don't you want to protect your ninth summit..?"

"Scatter your mind. The three of us will help fulfill your wish."

"Scatter your mind. The woman called Bai Su might have died, but her body is special. She is not a Berserker. Her soul is just a projection. If you scatter your mind, I can let you see… where her true body lies."

"Scatter your mind. For you, for us… We have been sealed for far too long. You have also been sealed for far too long. Why don't… we part ways now?"

The three old voices reverberated in Su Ming's consciousness and lingered for a long time.

At the same time, in the midst of those roars, the five thousand feet Rune around the ninth summit crumbled completely, revealing the ninth summit before Dao Yuan and the four Dao Slaves.

At that moment, only the trembling Qian Chen and the similarly shivering bald crane remained on the mountain.

"And here I was wondering what sort of good stuff was hidden here. It's just a piece of trash and a bald crane. Dao Slave 31, 41, 51, go and immediately flatten this mountain. There's a cave abode at the top. Open it and check what sort of treasure is inside. Dao Slave 21, go down and bring that woman to me. Even if she's almost dead, I want to get a taste. Don't let them escape."

Dao Yuan's lips curled up in a cold sneer. He pointed at the ninth summit, and when he opened his mouth, the three Dao Slaves turned into three long arcs that charged towards the top of the mountain.

As for Dao Slave 21, he took a step towards the Abyss Dragon that was desperately sending Abyss Death Aura into Yu Xuan to save her on the surface of the sea while remaining completely defenseless.

The area before the Abyss Dragon distorted, slowly tearing apart to reveal a crack. However, Dao Slave 21 was traveling at a speed so quick that he could stop it before the Abyss Dragon could move into the crack.

Yet right when the four Dao Slaves split up and charged forward, a mighty pressure that had gathered from all directions in the world suddenly erupted in the air.

This pressure appeared incredibly suddenly, and almost at the instant it did so, the four Dao Slaves' expressions changed drastically. Right then, the space before Dao Slave 21 distorted, and a shadow manifested in front of him.

That shadow was indistinct. He looked like an old man, but if anyone took a closer look, they would find that he might be a young man. The shadows of these two appearances overlapped and gave off an incredibly bizarre feeling.

"You-you aren't dead?" Dao Slave 21 eyes went wide. The shadow of the young man was naturally Su Ming, whom he had killed just moments ago.

At the instant Dao Slave 21 saw Su Ming, not only did his expression change, his heart also filled with shock. During that instant, the mighty pressure that spread out from Su Ming's body filled him with apprehension.
