# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 742

Su Ming lifted his head, and a ghastly smile appeared on his lips, but if anyone took a closer look, they would find that the person who smiled was not actually him. Instead, it belonged to the old man whose shadow had overlapped with his.

At the instant the smile appeared, Su Ming lifted his right hand and moved to seize Dao Slave 21. The man's expression changed, and with a wave of his arm, starlight instantly surrounded his body. The power that belonged to the Third Step erupted forth, but…

The endless starlight looked as if it had turned incorporeal before Su Ming, for it moved through his body. Yet Su Ming's right hand did not stop moving and grabbed Dao Slave 21.

His expression changed. In shock, he quickly retreated. During that instant, Su Ming opened his mouth and spoke languidly with that bizarre smile still on his lips.

"Bloody Sun!"

Once he said these words, Dao Slave 21's body immediately turned red, and an illusory blood-red sun appeared around him. Dao Slave 21 coughed up blood, then noticed that it was difficult for him to retreat. As he was filled with fear, his body was swept towards Su Ming, and Su Ming grabbed his throat with his right hand.

"Half a step into Solar Kalpa!"

Dao Slave 21 let out a shrill scream, but this voice quickly fell silent. Once Su Ming seized his throat with his right hand, Dao Slave 21's body immediately become redder. Within the span of a breath, a large amount of blood erupted from his body. Moment after, Dao Slave 21 turned into a bloodless, dry corpse held by Su Ming.

He had breathed his last and died. At first, he had been toying with Su Ming like a cat toying with a mouse, but on that path, he'd walked straight to his death.

Su Ming relaxed his grip and flung his arm outwards. The blood that Dao Slave 21 had coughed up gathered together, turning into a blood-red mirror before Su Ming.

As the surface of the mirror distorted, a galaxy and a cultivation planet appeared. There was an elegant tower in that cultivation planet, and within that tower was a woman in white. She was looking into the distance with a blank expression, and there was an absent-minded look on her face.

Her face was identical to that of Bai Su!

"I fulfilled my promise." Once these words tumbled out of Su Ming's mouth, a ray of blood-red light flew out of his body and turned into a bloody sun in midair before charging into the distance.

All of this happened too quickly, so Dao Slave 21 had turned into a dry corpse by the time Dao Yuan and his three Dao Slaves could react.

Dao Yuan's pupils shrank. He let out a piercing scream from his shock and swiftly retreated. The three Dao Slaves could no longer bother with going to the ninth summit and charged straight at Su Ming.

At that moment, the old man's shadow was no longer overlapping with Su Ming's body. Su Ming was the only one remaining in midair. He did not bother about the three Dao Slaves rushing towards him, but turned his head around and looked at the surface of the sea. Once the crack in the air tore open, the Abyss Dragon charged into it with a roar while carrying Yu Xuan.

Her eyes were still shut and she lay unmoving on the Abyss Dragon's back. Su Ming watched her disappear into the crack, and a mischievous young woman who would call him 'little dummy Su' with a grin appeared in his eyes.

"Little dummy Su!"

"You're not answering me, so I'm reducing one medicinal core."

"Little dummy Su, that big fish in the sea is really pretty, catch one for me."

"Little Su, why don't you call me big sister? Come on, hurry up, call me big sister…"

"Little Su Su, that Dead Sea Giant just glared at me. Go hit it."

"Dumb Dumb Su Su, that sunlight is too vicious, hold an umbrella for me…"

While he was dazed, overlapping shadows appeared on his body again. This time, it was no longer the same old man, but a bald one. He was incredibly big and tall. Once his shadow overlapped with Su Ming, he looked at the three Dao Slaves with a ferocious smile.

As for Su Ming, his head remained turned in the direction of the crack on the sea as he watched it gradually disappear. He also listened to the Abyss Dragon's sad roars as it left.

"Do you know why I'm known as Yu Xuan..?"

"The meaning for Xuan is daylily. I am a daylily in the rain… This is the name my mother gave me. She wanted me to forget the sadness in my life and be happy forever…"

"I'll give you a gift..."

Su Ming's eyes became wet, but he was just a soul. He… had no body.

"You could have left." As Su Ming mumbled, Bai Su's smile when she turned her head back rose in his eyes. That smile was incredibly beautiful, and with a reluctance to part, she gradually left into the distance.

At that moment, the big man whose shadow had overlapped with Su Ming's body moved with a savage smile and appeared right before the three Dao Slaves. When he lifted his right hand, a ray of green light erupted from his body. That light turned into a green sun, causing the world to lose all other colors. At that instant, shrill screams of pain came from the three Dao Slaves' mouths.

As two consecutive bangs reverberated in the air, Dao Slaves 31 and 41, these two mighty warriors in the Third Step dressed in Constellation Robes… started melting right before Su Ming and swiftly turned into ashes. Clearly, everything about their bodies had burned under the green sun.

The last slave, Dao Slave 51, started retreating quickly as if he had gone mad. A large amount of cracks appeared on his body, and green smoke spread out from him. There was a sense of death coming from all over his body.

He withdrew back to Dao Yuan's side, grabbed the trembling young master, and fled into the distance.

The shadow of the big man who had overlapped with Su Ming turned into a wisp of green smoke and flew out before fusing with the green sun in midair. He turned his head around and cast Su Ming a glance. With a loud, boisterous laugh, he charged to the sky, and by using some unknown method, he disappeared.

"The last is me…"

A hoarse voice reverberated within Su Ming's illusory body. The shadow of a middle-aged man with white hair overlapped with him, and he lifted his right hand and pointed at Dao Yuan as well as Dao Slave 51.

With it, Dao Slave 51 let out a shrill scream of pain. Moths crawled out from his body. In the blink of an eye, Dao Slave 51's body turned into an innumerable amount of moths.

These moths flapped their wings and turned into a round ball in midair that resembled a sun. It then charged towards Dao Yuan.

The proud young master trembled. Despair appeared on his face, but in the face of it, madness rose within him after his mind and soul broke down. He lifted his right hand and pointed at the sky.

"With my orders as Dao Yuan, with my Sacred Constellation Robe as a guide, all…"

Before he could finish speaking, the sun that formed by the moths closed in on him, yet a wave of Yin Death Aura descended from the sky and landed on the moth sun, removing it from existence.

Because of it, Dao Yuan finished his words without being interrupted.

"...all those who wear my Subsidiary Constellation Robe, descend to the land of Berserkers!"

Once his words were spoken, the Constellation Robe on his body shone with starlight that surged into the sky, filling it with stars in an instant. The starry sky turned into a spinning, giant galactical vortex, and the faint outlines of longships could be seen charging to the place.

"It's not that I didn't keep my promise, but there is someone who doesn't want me helping you. He wants these people to descend, and he has opened the path for them. This person's level of cultivation… is much higher than mine… He has an ancient presence." The white-haired man turned into an illusory moth and left Su Ming's body before disappearing into the sky.

"I didn't manage to fulfill my promise to you. If you manage to walk out of this place and return your soul to your body, then I will help you one more time…"
