# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 760

Throughout her entire life of fighting against others, the old woman had never run into any enemy who was like Su Ming. He was completely unbothered no matter how bad his injuries got, completely unperturbed even if his arm was torn off. In fact, even his cultivation base did not suffer too much depletion as he was completely indifferent towards the injuries he sustained. As they fought, a large amount of her flesh and blood would be absorbed every single time he touched her, and he would also absorb spirit stones during battle to replenish the cultivation base he had spent.

There… was no way she could fight against him, even if she had the power that belonged to a World Paragon. If the Crimson Python Phoenix was not here, things might be slightly better, but now… Su Ming had left an incredibly deep impression within Mei Lan's mind.

'He still has many skills which he hasn't activated as well, like that Art that could control the flow of time just then… This person hasn't attacked with his full strength!'

Su Ming's entire body was drenched in blood, and his chest was a bloody mess. White pieces of bone could be seen on many parts of his body, but his expression was as calm as ever. Once he stopped blood from pouring out of the wounds, he cast a cold look at the old woman.

A fierce light appeared in the Crimson Python Phoenix's eyes. It went under Su Ming's feet, and as it stared at the old woman, it roared. There was a threatening tone contained within that roar.

At that moment, Su Ming's emaciated body started squirming in a bizarre fashion, and all his wounds recovered within an instant. Right under the old woman's horrified gaze, white bone and flesh started rapidly growing at the spot where Su Ming had torn off his left arm. In the blink of an eye, a new arm was formed.

As Su Ming recovered, his body gave off a feeling that he had become stronger than before. It had happened because he had refined his body by absorbing flesh and blood that was of the old woman's caliber.

"I originally did not want to attack, but you've gone overboard. I can sense the signs of a seal on your body. You might have the presence of a World Paragon, but what you showed is just the level of a cultivator in Heaven Cultivation Realm. Release your seal and fight against me properly." Su Ming swung his left arm about, and the eight-colored crystal appeared on his left palm as he spoke flatly.

Those who had become Lords of World Planes would be able to easily overpower the cultivators in Heaven, Earth, and Man Cultivation Realms in terms of power. However, Su Ming was much stronger than when he was in Yin Death Region. And more importantly, he had a physical body here. He also had a sufficient amount of spirit stones as well as the Crimson Python Phoenix by his side.

As for the old woman, she had been in this place for many years and knew just how difficult it was to survive here. That was why she had sealed up some of her cultivation base. Once she released it and activated her power of the World Plane, it would be incredibly difficult for her to recover her cultivation base. That was why, as of then, she was caught in a situation between a rock and a hard place, and she was placed in a dilemma.

But the main problem was that she could not grasp the true extent of Su Ming's level of cultivation. Even though she could see the signs of a seal on his body, his brutality towards his own self and that thick murderous aura were all telling signs that he was definitely not an ordinary person.

The Crimson Python Phoenix was also a creature that gave the old woman a headache. If Tian Lin was willing to attack, she would be able to fight without worry, her actions not shackled. However, she could tell that Tian Lin had other thoughts in his mind regarding this matter, and because of that, she was caught in this situation.

Su Ming was actually taking a risk. He was betting that the old woman would not dare to attack at full strength due to her wariness towards him.

"Would the both of you care to listen to what I have to say? Is it also not a form of fate that the three of us have met in Crimson Flame Planet? Could you not continue with this fight?" Tian Lin walked up towards them with a wry smile.

The old woman let out a cold harrumph, but she did not say anything to decline what Tian Lin had suggested.

Su Ming took a step to land on the Crimson Python Phoenix's head before he declared coldly, "Fellow Daoist Tian, since you are the one persuading me to stop, then I won't mind stopping. However, from now onwards, fellow Daoist Mei Lan will not be allowed to step into the northern region of Crimson Flame Planet without permission!"

The old woman stared at Su Ming. After some time, she turned around and transformed into a long arc without a single word and disappeared in midair in an instant, leaving the place as she turned into an illusion.

Tian Lin looked at Su Ming with a wry smile, then shook his head and spoke up.

"Brother Su, fellow Daoist Mei Lan harbors no ill-will. This is… I will talk to you about this in the future. You don't have to worry about her trespassing into the northern region here When fellow Daoist Ku Zhu was still around, we had formed a rule among ourselves that we would not enter each other's regions randomly.

"I will now take my leave…" Tian Lin let out a sigh and wrapped his fist towards Su Ming before he left. By the direction he took, it could be seen that he was chasing after Mei Lan.

When he left, the hundreds of cultivators on the ground were silent as they looked at Su Ming warily.

"From now on, I will be the master of the northern region of Crimson Flame Planet. When I am in isolation, listen to Yue Hong Bang's instructions for all trivial matters." Su Ming swept his gaze across the land, and his aloof words fell into the hearts of all those present.

"Understood!" The hundreds of people wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed together without any hesitation.

They already knew that since the Crimson Python Phoenix had been broken out the seal, since Qi Bei Shan death in that bizarre manner, and since Su Ming's short but intense fight against the World Paragon Mei Lan that the northern region of Crimson Flame Planet would now belong to him.

There could only be one will in this place from then on, and that was Su Ming's will. All those who went against his will be would be destroyed.

Yue Hong Bang's voice was the loudest as the hundred-something people bowed and paid their respects to Su Ming. His expression was filled with excitement at that moment. This sort of position and status had not landed on him since his ancestor had been killed by the True Guards all those years ago. Now that he obtained it once again, he was filled with excitement, and at the same time, there was a zealous look of reverence in his eyes as he looked at Su Ming.

Yue Hong Bang looked at Su Ming for a moment, then immediately said to the people around him, "My fellow Daoists, you know how I am. From now on, I hope that you will all help me make the northern region as great as it was in the past! For now, I only have one thing I want to say. I would like all of you to gather… this sort of blue stones. The more, the better!"

Su Ming no longer bothered himself with this sort of matter. He turned around and walked towards the ground, straight at Qi Bei Shan's collapsed cave abode. Once he sat down outside, the gigantic Crimson Python Phoenix sprawled out by his side and looked at its surroundings cautiously. It would also occasionally look at the sky with a slightly confused look on its face.

The bald crane's eyes sparkled. It flew towards Yue Hong Bang's side and said something. Its words were spoken to him alone, so no one knew what it said. Yue Hong Bang quickly voiced his obedience in respect. He could tell that the bald crane most definitely did not have an ordinary status in Su Ming's eyes. Yue Hong Bang had also personally seen the bird breaking the seal, and its reward had especially shocked him. From the depths of his heart, he did not want to offend this bald crane.

While seated, Su Ming picked up a blue stone and started absorbing it with closed eyes. The stone was quickly reduced to ashes, but there were many of them in this place. After a moment of pensive silence, he decided to temporarily isolate himself and train here.

One month gradually went by. More blue stones were stacked on top of each other around Su Ming. All of these came from the people of the northern region, who now numbered to more than the hundred-something who witnessed the battle. They had delivered these stones based on Yue Hong Bang's orders, and they were enough for Su Ming to absorb to train without having to pause.

As he absorbed the stones, his physical power grew stronger. One day, at midnight, Su Ming opened his eyes and looked at the red moon in the sky. It might not be the first time he saw that the moon in Crimson Flame Planet was red, but every single time he saw it, he would watch it quietly.

On this night, there was a bright ray of starlight that shone with a light that was comparable to moonlight in the dark sky. It was very clear and gentle, shining together with the moon.

Su Ming did not know that this unique day where the star and moon shone together was a special day that came only once a year in Crimson Flame Planet. No one knew when it had happened first, but this day had been turned into a customary day for men and women who were together in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence's Crimson Flame Planet to become tied together as companions for dual cultivation.

The brilliant star and moon on this night were also known as 'Eternity'.

"I no longer have any emotions, but I still have people that I miss dearly…" It was quiet all around Su Ming. The Crimson Python Phoenix lay with its eyes closed, taking a nap by his side, while the bald crane had gone off somewhere. In this silence, Su Ming's soft whispers echoed in the air. "I no longer have any pain, but why does my heart… ache when I long for them..?"

Su Ming touched his chest. He looked at the star and moon in the sky, whispering softly with a voice full of anguish, but no one bothered to answer him.
