# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 782

Booming sounds echoed in the karst cave. Tian Lin's body shattered into pieces, and the destructive power that was formed fused with the vast life force he had gained after he fused with the sal tree. It sent a loud bang in all directions.

Tian Lin passed away!

The karst cave trembled. Numerous stones fell off the walls. The entire area visibly shook. Half of Su Ming's body was within the purplish black magma. His face was pale as he watched the entire thing unfold.

Sun Kun died!

Tian Lin died!

And since Jing Nan Zi could come here, then it would only mean that Ye Shen Tong's clone had also died.

'Jing Nan Zi's level of cultivation is high. Sun Kun and Tian Lin both died in succession. Do I really have to give up on this physical body and flee with my soul?' When a sparkle appeared in Su Ming's eyes because of that thought, the weak and feeble voice spoke to him once again.

"I bear no ill-will… We don't have time to talk much, fellow ally from the sacred Abyss Builders. Please help me stall for time. As long as I can force out the first sealing sword, then I will be able to help you!

"Once I force out the first sword, it'll be easy for me to kill this person, and I'll also be able to grant you a serendipitous event. After all, we come from the same homeland…

"Time… Help me stall for some time… And so that you will be able to stall for a sufficient amount of time, I will first give you a shred of my physical power!"

At the instant that feeble voice echoed in Su Ming's mind, he felt two waves of heat seeping into his feet from the purplish black magma and surging into his body.

That wave of heat was filled with a mighty feeling. Once it surged into his body, it fused with his flesh, blood, and bones. This did not affect his cultivation base, but was swiftly changing the structure of his physical body.

This was the same as what happened when Su Ming had been absorbing the physical power contained in the stones during the past few years. However, this time, he was not taking the initiative to absorb the power. The dense physical power was surging into his body on its own.

As Su Ming's physical body was continuously becoming stronger, the echoes of the loud bangs lingered in the karst cave. A large amount of dust tumbled about in the form of fog, and Jing Nan Zi's gloomy voice spread in all directions once he spoke up.

"The final member of the Tian Family in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence died, freeing himself from his never-ending pain. This can also be considered an act of mercy from me."

Jing Nan Zi slowly walked out of the dust. When he was only a thousand feet away from where Su Ming was, he looked over.

"Now, it's your turn."

Jing Nan Zi's red hair fluttered in the air. There might be many parts on his armor that had been damaged and there was even fresh blood trickling out of the corners of his mouth, but there was still a brilliant light shining in his eyes. If anyone would find that gaze fixed upon them, they would immediately feel as if that gaze had corporeal form, stabbing their bodies with needle-like pain.

While speaking, Jing Nan Zi lifted his right hand and seized the air. The long red spear immediately came to him. Once he held it, he lifted his foot without any hurry and walked at a moderate pace towards Su Ming.

"You seem to hate the Tian Family very much," Su Ming suddenly said.

His physical body was becoming increasingly stronger, and he was absorbing the physical power from the magma even faster than that. Yet strangely, the other didn't manage to discover even a hint of this. When Su Ming thought about it, he figured that it was related to the Duke of Crimson Flame. He had no idea what method the skeleton had used, but it had managed to make it difficult for Jing Nan Zi to notice Su Ming's current condition.

"Hate? You have incredible curiosity." An aloof look appeared in Jing Nan Zi's eyes. He charged towards Su Ming like a bolt of lightning with the long spear in hand.

Yet just as he leaped into the air and was about to close in, a glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes and he said coldly, "Your older brother died for you because you offended the Tian Family in True Sacred Yin World, am I right? What's the name of the girl beside the old man?"

At the instant Su Ming asked these questions, Jing Nan Zi's body froze in midair. An incredibly powerful killing intent appeared in his eyes as he stared over coldly.

He might seem to be behaving normally, but Su Ming noticed that Jing Nan Zi's breathing had clearly become harsh.

"The main branch of Tian Lin's family is the Tian Family of True Sacred Yin World, which is also the family of the girl you offended. Since you offended her, your older brother died for you, allowing you to be pardoned from death.

"From then on, Tian Family became your target for revenge. When some of its members failed in a rebellion and a branch was banished to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, they became your prey. You enslaved them and continuously slaughtered them brutally. In the end, you even spared Tian Lin so that he would be tormented by a desire for revenge and pain.

"If my guess is correct, then the girl you offended has some connection with Tian Lin's family. In fact, Tian Lin's family might even be the direct descendants of her lineage, that's why this so called failed rebellion was really just the other branches of the family succeeding in snatching over the position of head of the family."

Su Ming would normally not say so much, but with each breath he managed to stall, his body would become slightly stronger, and the Duke of Crimson Flame's skeleton would also have a greater chance of breaking the seal.

As Su Ming's physical body became stronger, the bald crane also woke up in his storage bag. It flew out and crashed head first into the purplish black magma. It was first stunned, then stuck its head carefully out of the magma not too far in the distance. It looked at Su Ming, who was mostly submerged in magma, then at Jing Nan Zi, who was standing in the air with a dark expression on his face and a cold sneer on his lips. The bald crane then quickly retracted its head.

But when it did so, it suddenly saw the Duke of Crimson Flame by its side. When it saw him, its eyes immediately went wide. In fact, the Duke of Crimson Flame's empty eye sockets seemed to flash at that instant, as if it was looking at the bald crane.

"You're speaking so slowly and voicing all these words that cause pain to my heart because you're waiting for that Long person to take the World Stone and break open the seal, right?" Jing Nan Zi stated flatly while looking at Su Ming.

"Did you actually think the seal would be so easily broken? And even if it breaks, so what? Even if that companion of yours, Long Li, was it? Even if he manages to retrieve the World Stone, what could he possibly do?"

Jing Nan Zi smiled coldly. He took a step forward while speaking languidly, but his words crashed into Su Ming's heart like a thunderbolt.

"These seals are just a diversion to confuse other people's eyes. If the true seal is not broken, then this mighty cultivator from the alien race will not be able to bring out even a shred of its power. Did you think that you could use his power to kill me?" Derision appeared in Jing Nan Zi's eyes. With one move, he appeared in the air two hundred feet away from Su Ming, then swung his spear in the direction in his direction.

Hum!

The tip of the spear appeared before Su Ming in an instant. An incredibly fierce, chilling air froze his entire body, and the purplish black magma around him also seemed to have turned into frozen mud during that instant.

Su Ming's pupils shrank. He did not try stopping the long spear from approaching him. His body abruptly sank into the purplish black magma, and he disappeared within an instant.

The moment he did so, the long spear touched the purplish black magma.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Three booms rang out in succession. The purplish black magma erupted three times. The destructive power from the long spear crawled into the magma in a frenzy, causing the thick liquid to be blown backwards before splattering all over the place.

As the magma flew into the air, the Duke of Crimson Flame's skeleton was drowned by it and could no longer be seen. Once the bald crane transformed, it was also difficult to be found. Su Ming, however, turned into a long arc and rushed out as the magma filled the air.

Jing Nan Zi let out a cold harrumph. With the long spear in hand, he turned around, but the instant he looked at Su Ming, the karst cave in the sealed region started trembling violently. Muffled booms rang through the tunnels in the beehive. It was as if everything in the depths of the ground were about to collapse.

Cracking sounds came from the walls. It was as if the entire Rune had lost its support and was shattering.

When Su Ming saw this, his pupils constricted. There was only one explanation to this - Long Li had succeeded. He succeeded in retrieving the World Stone, making the Rune lose its balance.

However, Long Li would definitely not return to help. At this moment, he was probably fleeing into the world outside, intending to leave the seal, which was about to collapse and be buried under debris.

"Very good. You've finally managed to break open all the outer seals. Only now will I be considered to have performed a real meritorious deed once I kill all of you and prevent the mighty cultivator from the alien race from awakening!"

A smile appeared on Jing Nan Zi's face, and a red shadow walked out of his body. Once it turned into his clone, it grinned and charged into the tunnel in the distance, clearly to chase down Long Li and kill him.

"In truth, I was also stalling for time, waiting for you to succeed. Now… the game has ended." As Jing Nan Zi continued grinning, he took a step towards Su Ming.

When he took that one step forward, a loud bang went off in Su Ming's head. The first reaction his mind sent to his body was not to retreat, but to lift his left hand and have Destiny's power fuse with it. At the same time he changed the law, he pushed forward.

With it, his hand immediately looked as if it had touched the surface of water. A palm manifested out of nowhere before his body. That palm drew out an arc that seemed to contain some sort of trajectory before it pressed against Su Ming's chest.

Right then, Su Ming's power of Destiny was activated, causing the palm to freeze for a moment when it touched it. It was also at this instant that allowed Su Ming to fully activate the Sacred Constellation Robe.

At the same time, Su Ming's arms, legs, and even a large portion of his body withered away. Only the spot where the palm touched his chest remained normal in appearance, but in truth, it contained all the defensive powers in Su Ming's body!

Boom!

The Sacred Constellation Robe fluttered violently. Once it neutralized part of the power from the palm, Su Ming's body fell backwards, and he coughed up blood nonstop. His body recovered swiftly and returned to normal from its previously withered state, but his face was ashen pale.

'If those in the middle stage of World Plane Realm attack at full force, it' difficult for me to stand up against them…'

Su Ming retreated swiftly. His breathing was quick. The organs in his body were damaged to the point where they were close to breaking down. He was incredibly badly wounded. If he had not received a boost to his physical power just then, it would have been difficult for him to withstand this attack.

Jing Nan Zi's body manifested at the spot where the palm had pushed down just then. He pulled back his palm and said arrogantly, "It'll be a pity to kill you. Become my slave and I will spare you."
