# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 791

Heavenly Treasure Planet was a dull and lifeless cultivation planet in the southern east region of Western Ring Nebula within the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

Perhaps it had been a splendid planet in the past, and perhaps it had a glorious history, but it was now a barren place. Its surface was covered in uneven bumps caused by deep pits on the ground and desolate mountains.

Anyone who saw that planet in the galaxy would be unable to help but feel like all things had gone still and silent in that planet.

It was not round, either.

Numerous shattered stones had come off of one half. These stones had been crumbling for ages, and it was still ongoing. All the cultivators who were not too far away from the planet would be able to see the shattered stones slowly falling apart until they became a part of the galaxy.

This was a planet that was moving towards death, but even so, there were plenty of cultivators living on it. Most of these people came from families that had been living on the planet for generations, and they had become a part of this place.

There were plenty of sealed regions in Heavenly Treasure Planet that locked away a large number of ferocious beasts. There was also a member of an alien race sealed deep in the depths of the planet.

There was only one continent on the entire Heavenly Treasure Planet. The rest of the land were in pieces, islands scattered in various parts of the planet. Aside from those would be the Star Shattering Wind Ocean that even an ordinary Lord of World Planes would be slightly wary of in the planet.

It was an ocean that was formed by wind. It spread to all parts of the planet besides the continent and the islands. The biting feeling on skin as it blew past and the sharp whistles as it moved turned into shrill moaning that could easily tear apart the body of a cultivator in Earth Cultivation Realm, crushing them completely.

This wind was unique to Heavenly Treasure Planet. It formed an ocean, and it also isolated that part of the planet, the people living on the land masses rarely got close to it.

On this day, the sky was dark. Neither the sun nor the moon could be seen, but there was a hazy ray of light that shone on the ground. Around noon, when all the cultivators on Heavenly Treasure Planet were still immersed in their usual routine of meditating, a loud bang that sounded like thunder during spring suddenly shot up in the sky and reverberated in all directions.

There was more than just one loud boom. They rang continuously, getting louder with each passing moment. The people were unable to ignore it, to not listen to it. The couldn't help themselves and lifted their heads up to look!

A blood-red shooting star charged through the sky, heading straight for the ground. The cultivators on the planet could vaguely see that there was a gigantic red coffin in the shooting star. Runic symbols shone on its surface, a clear sign that it came from the galaxy by passing through the layer of wind at the highest point in the planet, and since it was traveling too quickly, as it descended, it scrapped against the air, stirring up flames due to the friction. To anyone looking from the distance, it then looked liked the coffin was on fire!

Whoosh!

The red coffin sliced through the air. A heinous aura of murderousness spread out from it, and its flames, its rapid speed, and its shade of crimson shocked all the cultivators in Heavenly Treasure Planet, but it did not land on the ground. Instead, it landed within the Star Shattering Wind Ocean beyond the continent.

"What is that thing? It was too fast and it came from the galaxy. Could it be some sort of treasure?"

"What shocking speed, and the murderous aura about it is so thick. Even being far from it, I feel apprehensive just by looking at it. That's definitely an incredibly strong warrior."

"That thing came with great force. It's a pity that it landed in Star Shattering Wind Ocean, or else I'd definitely go and check it out."

The cultivators within Heavenly Treasure Planet buzzed with discussion. Something like this was not something they normally saw, and their hearts filled with shock.

Boom!

A muffled booming sound came from the distance, the Star Shattering Wind Ocean, and swept through like a violent gust of wind. As it echoed in the air, a wave of air tumbled past.

If anyone from the sky looked at the ground at that moment, they would be able to see a ring-shaped ripple sweeping outwards from the area where the red coffin had descended within Star Shattering Wind Ocean. Wherever those ripples passed through, booming sounds would ring without stop.

It was at this moment that the Blood Identification Pearls, which were given by the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over the place to all the cultivators within Heavenly Treasure Planet who had reached Heaven Cultivation Realm or above, started flickering with an intense blood-red light.

All of these pearls were guiding them towards the Star Shattering Wind Ocean.

The Lords of World Planes staying in Heavenly Treasure Planet spotted changes in their expressions, and they looked simultaneously towards Star Shattering Wind Ocean.

"The Blood Identification Pearl has started shining. This-this is the sign that the person wanted by the four Great True Worlds has appeared."

"Superior grade World Stones? With my power, perhaps it'll be difficult for me to succeed in killing this person, but if I take advantage of the confusion when everyone tries to kill him, I might have a chance."

"This is a chance that only appears once in a blue moon!"

As the Blood Identification Pearls shone, all the cultivators who knew about this matter in Heavenly Treasure Planet became excited. Long arcs from all parts of the continent and islands rose from into the air and flew towards the spot where the booming sounds were coming from in Star Shattering Wind Ocean.

At the center of the ring-shaped ripple that was spreading in all directions was a red coffin, a small half of it buried in the ground at the bottom of the boundless wind ocean. There was a layer of cracks on the land, and they spanned the area of tens of thousands of feet.

An endless amount of violent gusts blew in the area, like sharp blades that were continuously slicing the coffin. It felt like the booming would never end.

"There are four World Paragons and seventeen cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm in this planet. If we add together those who are rushing here from the galaxy… Su Ming, you will only have more opponents, and you will be swathed in quite the considerable amount of trouble. What are your planning?" the Duke of Crimson Flame's said, his voice sounding within the red coffin that was surrounded by an endless amount of wind blades.

"I'll kill them," Su Ming answered flatly. His voice was calm, but the murderous tone in that calm voice made the duke secretly apprehensive.

"I'll kill until no one dares to chase after me. I'll kill until the sky and earth become dark with blood. I'll kill until rivers of blood flow… I will dye the sky in autumn, and this will be the beginning of me creating the color of autumn." While Su Ming spoke, the red coffin began visibly melting. After a moment, Su Ming walked out, dressed in his white robe.

The wind blades surrounded him immediately. An endless amount of them crashed into his body, but they let out a sound as if they had rammed into steel. Su Ming took a few steps backwards, completely uninjured.

'This place is incredibly suited to refine my physical body. The wind is already so sharp at the periphery. If I get close to the center of this ocean of wind, then the wind blades will become even more swift and fierce.'

Su Ming lifted his right hand and pushed his palm flat against the red coffin by his side. It immediately melted and turned into red liquid that covered Su Ming's right arm and turned into the vambrace as well as the rerebrace.

The part where the word 'Guard' was carved upon on the rerebrace was now covered by the Duke of Crimson Flame's totem.

When Su Ming lifted his head to look at the sky, his white robe gradually changed color. When it turned red, the gray-haired Su Ming looked as if he was filled with a heinous aura of murderousness.

It was at this moment that the long arcs from the continent arrived. They totaled to nine, and one of them was a World Paragon. All the others were cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm. Their cave abodes were nearby, which was why they had managed to get here before anyone else.

The cultivation bases of these nine people exploded forth, and without any hesitation, they stepped off the edge of the continent and entered the Star Shattering Wind Ocean. Those in Earth Cultivation Realm would be unable to handle the wind blades for long, but a short while was not a problem.

Almost at the instant these nine people arrived, dark light covered the red-robed and gray-haired Su Ming's face, and a black mask emerged from his flesh, as if it grew on him.

When the mask appeared, it was as if warmth would no longer exist in Su Ming's body. HE felt as if he was an eternal block of ice. He no longer had any ability to love and knew no pain. There was only a calm, harsh, biting presence to him.

"The color of autumn," he muttered under his breath.

Whoosh!

In the ocean of wind several thousands of feet before Su Ming, a cultivator at the peak of Heaven Cultivation Realm appeared. He had a screen of light that blocked the wind blades from crashing into him. He saw Su Ming at first glance, and wild delight immediately appeared in his eyes.

"I found him! He's here!" That cultivator was a middle-aged man. His eyes sparkled. He did not move forward as he shouted, but instead retreated slightly.

Clearly, he was waiting for the others to arrive so that they could attack together. After all, even though Su Ming looked like he was just in Earth Cultivation Realm, but the way he descended into Heavenly Treasure Planet just now was shocking and terrifying. The man was ecstatic that he found Su Ming, but at the same time, he was also wary. Yet when he thought that they had greater numbers of their side, that wariness became so faint that it was barely noticeable.

Almost at the instant the man in Heaven Cultivation Realm said his piece, three long arcs charged forth from the direction behind him. They turned into three people who were also in Heaven Cultivation Realm. Once they appeared, they instantly saw Su Ming, who was standing in the ocean of wind thousands of feet away from them.

There was also the presence of a Lord of World Planes coming swiftly from behind them. By the looks of it, its owner would be able to arrive in a few breaths' time.

"Let's attack, all four of us, together."

"No matter how strong he is, it's impossible for him to kill all four of us instantly. The World Paragon is almost here as well!"

The four of them cast a glance at each other, then as their cultivation bases erupted from their bodies, they turned into four long arcs that charged towards Su Ming. To these four people, the distance of thousands of feet was nothing. They could close it in a blink of an eye.

Once the four were less than a few hundred feet away from Su Ming, he lifted his head and stomped on the ground with his right foot.

Boom!

The area hundreds of thousands of feet around the red coffin had suffered large scale damage when it descended. At that moment, when Su Ming stomped on the ground, the hundreds of thousands of feet of land instantly collapsed to turn into a endless amount of dirt and shattered stone that erupted in the sky.

Su Ming vanished at that instant.

"He's gone?"

"What speed!"

"No good!"

The expressions of the four people suddenly changed drastically. The wind blades were blowing about in the area, dirt and shattered stones filled the air, and Su Ming, which they had locked onto, had disappeared. This made the four people's hearts let out a thump, and at that instant, shrill screams of pain reverberated in the air.

They came from the middle-aged man who was the first to discover Su Ming. At that moment, his head and body were separated. Su Ming swept his right hand across his body at that moment, and with his physical power, he crushed the man's defenses straight away, then the power in his right hand sliced through the man's neck like a blade.

Blood gushed into the air, and the other three people's expressions changed. Su Ming moved in an aloof manner and turned into a long arc that crashed into another person.

As he was closing in, his target let out an enraged howl. His divine ability turned into a ray of light on his hands, and he attacked Su Ming after throwing all caution to the wind. However, his attacks could not stop Su Ming for even a single moment. Once Su Ming rammed into his body, the man's flesh and blood splattered everywhere with a bang.

The other two people were filled with shock. They retreated without any hesitation. Right then, the World Paragon's presence closed in, and a low shout traveled forth.

"If I kill you, I'll be able to get three World Stones. This deal is worth it! Remember this, the person who will kill you is Mo Ang!"
