# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 792

At the instant that low and dark voice spoke, the two retreating cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm let out a huge sigh of relief. They continued to retreat, though. When they looked at Su Ming, their hearts were still pounding in fear. After all, in the short span of two breaths, two of the four of them had died.

This filled them with trepidation, and a great wave of terror and wariness towards Su Ming rose within them. His speed as well as his physical strength especially left a deep impression in their minds.

Boom!

Once that dark voice spoke and the ocean of wind blew past, a crack appeared in the air, and a short old man stepped out.

He was dressed in a long navy blue robe, and his skin was wrinkled with age. His pupils were not like those of an average person but were vertical, giving him a bizarre and ghastly air. At the instant he walked out, he swung his arm forward, and a layer of green mist instantly spread out with a bang. When it charged towards Su Ming, it turned into a gigantic green arm that tried to seize him.

At the same time, several figures swiftly appeared in the ocean of wind around them. There were four of them, and they were men and women in Heaven Cultivation Realm. Including the previous two who had died and the old man, this group of people were the first batch of locals to arrive here.

"This person is wanted by the forces of the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over this place. He must have escaped all the way here and must have a lot of pursuers on his tail. Let's attack together and kill him swiftly."

"That's right, if we drag this out, there might be trouble. Once others arrive, the rewards that Sir Mo Ang should get will be divided."

"Attack and kill him!"

When the six cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm saw the World Paragon taking action, they swiftly rushed towards Su Ming. The two who had retreated because they had been intimidated had regained their confidence during that moment as well and closed in on Su Ming.

"You're not worthy of the family name Mo."

Su Ming's gaze was icy cold. The instant the huge green hand that was the fog approached him, he lifted his right hand, and the vambrace as well as the rerebrace immediately melted. A red long spear manifested in his hand, and once Su Ming grabbed it, he threw it at the incoming hand.

Boom!

The huge green hand crumbled. As the long spear let out a buzzing sound, it seeped through the fog like a blood-red dragon, then swiftly dissolved on its own in front of the old man's face, turning into a blood rain that went charging at his face.

The short old man's face darkened, and with a cold harrumph, he took a few steps backwards, then spun twice on the balls of his feet. A whirlwind instantly swirled around him, turning into a typhoon that was thousands of feet big. It went swept outwards.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The ocean of wind trembled, and the air shivered. The blood rain crashed into the typhoon, and it swirled around in the air, swept up by wind. From the distance, the typhoon looked as if it had been dyed in red. Then, a sudden shrill scream of pain came from close by.

One of the six cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm sported a hole at the center of his brows at that moment. Su Ming turned around in front of him, then pulled his finger back before he disappeared.

"Fourth." He only left behind an aloof voice that spread through the area.

An enraged roar came from the typhoon, and the short old man shot out like a bolt of lightning. He might have blocked the blood red spear's attack, but just that single moment of delay had been enough for one of the Heaven Cultivation Realm cultivators who followed him to this place to die. This enraged the old man. Once he charged out, he sped towards Su Ming at full speed.

However, Su Ming didn't want to fight against him. A Lord of World Planes that could execute the power of World Planes at any time he liked was naturally much harder to kill compared to cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm.

The latter might be powerful, but for Su Ming, who could resist all divine abilities cast by those in Heaven Cultivation Realm with his physical body, as long as he utilized his Arts, they posed little trouble. Even though he was not unbeatable for those who were in Heaven Cultivation Realm, there were very few of them who would be on equal footing with him.

"Fifth."

Booming sounds shook the sky. When Su Ming spoke flatly, another Heaven Cultivation Realm cultivator collapsed, with confusion in his eyes. Before he died, he had thrown all his divine abilities at Su Ming's body, but that hadn't stopped this person in the slightest

"Sixth!"

"Seventh!"

Banging sounds continued ringing without stop, fusing with the old man's furious roars and the shrill cries of the Heaven Cultivation Realm cultivators before they died. The two remaining cultivators in that Realm were a man and a woman. At that moment, their faces were stark pale, and there was great terror in their eyes. They had just seen their companions die one after another, and that person… the wanted criminal in a long red robe and a black mask, was aloof and emotionless. All the divine abilities that had struck him had been unable to damage him even a single bit.

It was as if he did not know pain, as if his body could withstand all forms of power trying to destroy him.

They might not break down because of this, but they were in such a state of shock that they no longer had any will to fight. Instead, they dashed backwards, intending to leave, but before they could move far, a gust of wind filled with a bloody stench crashed into their faces. A bloody hole appeared at the center of each of their brows, as if something had stung them.

"Ninth."

Soon after, when Su Ming's voice reverberated in the air, the two people turned into puddles of blood.

"The first was Shan Tai. You are the tenth." Su Ming turned around and looked at the old Mo Ang, who was incredibly livid but could not do anything about it. He simply could not catch up.

The old Mo Ang might look angered, but in truth, he was incredibly calm in his heart. When Su Ming killed the fifth cultivator in Heaven Cultivation Realm, he had already made the decision to no longer try and obtain the reward of the World Stones alone.

'Shan Tai? That is a World Paragon that moves about in the area not too far from this place, and he travels without other World Paragons. Judging by this person's words, could it be that Shan Tai died at his hands?! This person is a wanted criminal by the four Great True Worlds, so it's only natural that he is strong in certain areas. He has a physical body that can resist the power of those in Heaven Cultivation Realm, and he's obviously still holding back. When he noticed me, he did not panic or try to flee. Clearly, in his mind, even a World Paragon is not enough to pose much of a threat to him.

'If I want to kill this person, I'll have to wait for others to arrive before trying anything. It'll be much safer to kill him with the others. After all, even though World Stones are priceless treasures, they're still not worth my life.' The old Mo Ang's face was dark and livid. He stared at Su Ming, then lifted his right hand, and green fog slowly gathered, surrounding his right hand.

During that instant, whistling sounds suddenly came from the distance. A dozen something figures could be seen rushing over. The two people in the lead were clearly World Paragons. When they sliced through the air, they stirred up a large amount of distorted ripples, causing the wind in the outer layer of the ocean of wind to tumble backwards.

'Three World Paragons and ten cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm.'

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. Almost the moment these people came closer, he took a step back. When he lifted his right hand, blood rain gathered close by and turned into the long blood-red spear in his hand. Once Su Ming held it, he charged towards the depths of the ocean of wind.

"Leaving already?!"

Killing intent shone in old Mo Ang's eyes. The green fog in his right hand exploded with a bang, sweeping outwards before turning into a nine-headed giant turtle. It had nine heads, and its body was tens of thousands of feet in size. Once it manifested, it charged towards Su Ming.

"Brother Mo, stop him! We'll reach you immediately!"

"If we kill this person, we'll discuss how we'll divine the rewards! After all, we all belong to Heavenly Treasure Planet. Since this person appeared here, then it must be heavens granting us a serendipity."

"Use your full power. Don't worry about using up your power of World Planes. I've received news that there're a large number of cultivators from Western Ring Nebula heading swiftly to this place. We have to get the reward before them!"

When Mo Ang attacked, the two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet charging to this place from the distance immediately let out mighty booming voices. These might look calm, but their hearts were filled with excitement. In their eyes, if three World Paragons attacked at the same time, it was impossible for them to not succeed in killing their target.

Besides, they still had another World Paragon in Heavenly Treasure Planet. Since he was in isolation, he could not immediately come to this place, but before long, he would definitely notice the change and come over using his senses as a guide.

At that time, once the four World Paragons in Heavenly Treasure Planet killed the wanted criminal by the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over this place, they could also intimidate the powerful warriors that came from the world beyond.

It was a great plan, but they had to kill Su Ming first.

Booms echoed in the air. The moment the giant nine-headed turtle charged forward with a furious howl, it froze in a bizarre manner. Then, its gigantic body started moving backwards, as if time started flowing backwards for it. In no time, the turtle turned back into wisps of green smoke and dissipated in the air.

At the instant this bizarre sight appeared, Mo Ang's eyes went wide, and he sucked in a sharp breath.

"Time control!"

Mo Ang's heart trembled, and he immediately retreated. He could feel his skin crawl. Unbidden, an ancient memory surfaced in his head. He had once seen a person who could control time as well. When he had executed that divine ability, he could make all the people in his area of effect instantly become old and turn into ashes.

Almost at the instant he moved back, Su Ming's right arm withered, along with his left arm, legs, and the rest of his body. All of them shriveled up, and his body shattered into a countless number of shards like a mirror.

With a whooshing sound, those shards charged towards Mo Ang. At that moment, the crowd in the distant sky was already less than ten thousand feet away from the battleground. They would be able to reach it in the span of a breath, especially the two World Paragons. With a single step, their bodies would charge towards this place so quickly that they would look as if they had just warped.

If this place was not Star Shattering Wind Ocean where they could not warp, then the two would have already arrived.

Mo Ang's pupils shrank as he saw Su Ming's body bizarrely turning into shards. This scene filled his heart with apprehension, and a strong sense of danger rose up.

'No! Something's not right!'

At the instant he retreated, the power of World Planes in his body burst forth with a bang. The power of World Planes was like a gelatinous substance. Once it spread outwards from his body, a large amount of runic symbols immediately formed in front of him.

"Shatter!" Mo Ang roared.

The runic symbols around him spun in circles. A wave of power that belonged to a law descended on the world, and booming sounds spread out towards the shards that were Su Ming.

"The person who killed you is Mo Su," an aloof voice stated, reverberating in the air. At the instant the two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet arrived and Mo Ang roared, the shards that were Su Ming phased through the power of World Planes and the crumbling runic symbol, shooting straight into Mo Ang's body.

Those shards pierced his skin and swiftly melted and seeped into him. Mo Ang let out a shrill scream of pain. His memories were being swiftly devoured, and his flesh as well as his blood were rapidly disappearing. All the power of World Planes in his body was completely sucked away.

Boom!

Mo Ang's body exploded, and a large amount of shards flew out of to gather together in the sky in the shape of Su Ming's withered body. In an instant, he recovered, and an even more distinct presence of World Plane Realm spread out from his body.
