# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 793

"Mo Ang died!"

The instant old Mo Ang's body exploded, the two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet reached the place and were shocked by their companion's bizarre death.

To them, the scene just now was incredibly shocking and terrifying. Mo Ang was at the same level of cultivation as they. His bizarre manner of death caused their hearts to let out a thump, and the two people could not help but slow down.

Su Ming turned around and looked at the two World Paragons. His black mask and cold gaze might not usually bring about too much intimidation to others, but if he killed a Lord of World Planes, then he would immediately give off a chilling and bloodthirsty feeling.

Su Ming looked at the incoming World Paragons, then waved his arm. He turned into a long arc and gradually faded away into the ocean of wind, disappearing. The two incoming World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet looked at each other, and they saw the grave look in the other's eyes.

The two did not immediately stop Su Ming from leaving. His gaze before he left might have looked calm, but in truth, there was a cold killing intent contained within it, and the meaning behind that gaze was very clear - Whoever comes after me, dies.

This will was incredibly clear. Not only did the two sense it, the cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm who were rushing to the place at that moment also sported changes in their expressions. Clearly, Mo Ang's death and Su Ming's gaze before he left brought an incredible amount of pressure to them.

"Mo Ang and eight cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm… died."

"We might not have arrived in time, but even if it was me, while I might have been able to kill eight cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm during the span of time in a little more time than what it takes for an incense stick to burn, but I couldn't have killed Mo Ang in a short while."

The ocean of wind around them blew fiercely, but it could not blow away the grave atmosphere. The two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet fell silent.

"This person has a lot of tricks up his sleeve, but there must be a limit to them, or else he would not have chosen to leave."

"That's right, if he truly possessed power that could suppress us, then he would have chosen to attack us just now."

"He's at the end of his tether. That action just now was intentional. His goal was to intimidate us so that we would not dare to chase him down and attack."

"The more he tries to intimidate us, the more likely it is that he doesn't want us to attack him, and the more it shows that he… is just putting up a strong front." A glint appeared in the eyes of the two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet as they remained in the ocean of wind.

"Let's chase him. When we catch up, we won't let him have any chance to attack. We'll immediately activate the divine abilities of World Plane Realm, and we'll definitely be able to gravely injure him or kill him."

Whoosh!

The two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet turned into two long arcs and rushed swiftly in the direction Su Ming had left. The Heaven Cultivation realm cultivators behind had obtained their instructions when the two sent their thoughts to them. After a moment of hesitation, a grim look appeared in their eyes. With their bodies producing loud whistling sounds as they moved through the air, they followed behind the two World Paragons and rushed deeper into the ocean of wind.

As the people chased after Su Ming, he moved like a bolt of lightning through the ocean of wind. Banging sounds rang out when wind hit his body, and the deeper he flew into the ocean, the sharper the wind blades became.

Su Ming remained calm as his eyes sparkled. He grew faster. He was indeed unable to fight against the two World Paragons at the same time, but if he made use of the environment in this place, it wouldn't be impossible for him to fight against them.

"The pursuers from outside should be here soon."

As Su Ming charged forward, he lifted his head and cast a glance at the sky above his head. It might look as if the darkness stretched endlessly and he could see no stars, but if he made his judgments based on the time that had passed, the pursuers should be here soon.

"Su Ming, not only are those pursuers from the galaxy about to be here, the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds are about to arrive as well. Just… what are you planning? If you don't leave soon but stay here for a prolonged period of time, it'll be incredibly dangerous for you." The Duke of Crimson Flame's voice reverberated in Su Ming's mind at that moment.

"I had thought to use this place to build my reputation and even break the seal to free the great paragon, which would attract the people's attention and allow me to avoid being chased down," Su Ming answered the Duke of Crimson Flame's question while charging forward.

"Oh? Then what about now?"

"Now..? I've discovered some very interesting things in Mo Ang's memories. I've changed my plans. Once I verified the truth of that matter, then I'll try to… absorb enough power of World Planes here to have my physical body possess enough strength to become a Lord of World Planes!

"Since they came here to kill me, then I might as well take a huge risk!" A freezing glare appeared in Su Ming's eyes and he spoke slowly.

The Duke of Crimson Flame remained silent for a moment before he suddenly said, "I don't know what you've discovered, but your actions are incredibly risky. You will die at the slightest mistake… but since you've decided to do something extremely absurd, then I'll help you.

"I've checked just now. The consciousness of the cultivator at the same Realm as I was has already… disappeared. He lost himself during the endless years that have passed and has died.

"But even though he died, some of his Kalpa Essence has gathered together. Give me enough time, and if you can loosen the seal, I'll be able to detonate his Kalpa Essence and make this planet explode.

"How confident are you in doing this?" Su Ming immediately asked.

"More than fifth-tenths," the Duke of Crimson Flame answered flatly.

A freezing glare shone fleetingly in Su Ming's eyes. He did not speak, but as he charged through the depths of the ocean of wind, his speed increased. While the wind crashed into his body, the two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet kept on chasing after him.

"Something's off. Judging by the direction he's going, he wants to rush into the depths of Star Shattering Wind Ocean. Even for us, it'll be difficult to resist the wind there, and we'll become slower. Just what does he want to do?"

"I'm not worried about this, but about the eye of the typhoon in the depths of Star Shattering Wind Ocean is different. We as the World Paragons here know about its existence. It's a natural relocation hole, and once anyone steps in there, they'll be moved instantaneously into a random spot in Western Ring Nebula.

"If he steps into the relocation hole…"

"It's impossible for him to know about this. The mystery of the eye of the typhoon is something that the four of us discovered together a thousand something years ago. Those cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm know nothing about it, much less an outsider."

"Let's hope that's the case."

As they continued chasing after Su Ming while speaking to each other via thoughts, the gusts of wind Su Ming had to face became stronger. The wind blades cut through his body as they charged by, and sharp stabs of pain traveled down him. However, not only did Su Ming have a strong physical body, he also had the Sacred Constellation Robe, Han Mountain Bell, as well as the Five Direction Seal protecting him. That was why while the gusts of wind caused him pain, his speed did not reduce even in the slightest.

Besides this, there was also an important reason as to why Su Ming could travel so freely - he was the Wind Berserker!

'I am the Wind Berserker. I obtained the Wind Berserker's legacy. I could not see through the Wind Berserker's level of cultivation in the past based on the virtual image he left behind. Now that I think back on it, he was clearly at the pinnacle of the Lord of World Planes, and what he had come to understand was wind.

'I obtained the wind's legacy and understood the change in wind, so it's much easier for me to move about in the ocean of wind compared to other people. It's a pity that I'm in a hurry, because if I could train for a long period of time here, then my understanding towards wind would definitely increase.' A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He looked into the depths of the ocean of wind, and Mo Ang's memories appeared in his mind.

'There is an eye of a typhoon in the depths. and that place is a natural relocation hole. As long as I can resist the power of the ocean of wind and step into the eye of the typhoon, then I would be sent into a random spot within Western Ring Nebula.

'If this is true, then I will be able to play big against all of the people here in Heavenly Treasure Planet!' Su Ming laughed coldly. After charging forward for a little while longer, he headed into the core of the ocean of wind.

The wind's howls were deafening here. He could only hear an endless amount of booming sounds reverberating ceaselessly. It was difficult for Su Ming to maintain his speed in this place, and he could not help but slow down. However, he still had to continue circulating all his cultivation throughout his body. If he relaxed for even a single moment, then he would be swept away by the wind in this place.

'What powerful wind. Even with my physical body and all my skills, it's still so difficult for me to move forward. If I could use the power of wind here for a divine ability, then that divine ability would become incredibly strong.' Su Ming stopped moving for a moment and did not continue onward. Instead, he spread his Atman outwards and covered the entire area.

His Atman instantly showed signs of shattering in the wind. However, since Su Ming was not too far away from it to begin with, that was why, several breaths before his Atman disappeared, he noticed a gigantic typhoon that was invisible to the naked eye floating ten thousand feet in the endless ocean of wind before him.

The typhoon was several hundreds of feet in size. Wind was continuously blowing out of the its center, and when it blew out, the ripples of relocation could even be felt in the wind that blew out.

"Is this the mysterious place you mentioned just now? It's an eye of a typhoon that serves as a natural relocation hole. This place is incredibly averse to divine senses. This close, people can somewhat sense it, but if they were far away, then it would be very difficult to discover such a thing.

"I didn't look into this place, but if you had told me earlier, then I would have been able to find some hints about it if looking for it intentionally. You then wouldn't have needed to spend so much effort in investigating it yourself. You… still don't trust me completely," the Duke of Crimson Flame said in Su Ming's mind.

Su Ming did not answer. When it came to things that concerned his life, he preferred to personally make certain of things, only then would he be completely at ease. He did not want to rely on others in this sort of matter.

At that moment, once Su Ming was certain that there was indeed a relocation hole in this place, killing intent shone in his eyes. Without any hesitation, he retreated swiftly, and as he moved along with the wind, his body moved faster than before when he charged towards the group of Heaven Treasure Planet residents that had been on his tail.

"The will of autumn… starts now." Su Ming was practically moving like a flash of light. He charged forward like a sword that was about to be drawn out of its scabbard.

Before long, the two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet became the first to appear in the ocean of wind before Su Ming.

"He's here! How dare he turn back and fight against the two of us! He's just asking for death!"

"We don't have much time. Attack at full force! Execute the Arts of World Plane Realm and kill this person!"

The eyes of the two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet shone. Right then, they had the presence of World Plane Realm erupt forth from their bodies without any hesitation. That presence turned into a windstorm that swept through the ground. It crashed into the ocean of wind, and the mighty power of World Planes forced the ocean of wind to tumble backwards with a bang.
