# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 794

Bang!

The windstorm formed by the power of World Planes swept outwards in all directions and instantly covered the area around the spot where the two World Paragons had located Su Ming. The two of them were confident that as long as they worked together and used the power of World Planes, then no matter how fast their opponent was, once the windstorm reached him, he would be enveloped by their power.

This was only them activating their power of World Planes in its initial stage. As long as they could sweep Su Ming in it, then the only thing that would await him would be a destructive force formed by series of laws using the power of World Planes.

The ocean of wind around the area trembled because of that power and spread in all directions, but at the instant the wind spread out, Su Ming, who had been located by the World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet, disappeared.

As the power of World Planes spread out, Su Ming looked as if he had disappeared from within the area of those thousands of feet. The two World Paragons had no idea where he had left. At the instant they were momentarily stunned by it, a shrill scream of pain came from the distance.

"Not good."

The World Paragons' faces instantly changed. They were familiar with the person who had screamed. He was one of the cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm who had followed behind them.

Su Ming released his grip from the neck of a young man in blue robes some two hundred thousand feet behind the two World Paragons. That young man's originally handsome face was twisted at that moment, and he was no longer in human shape. He was as thin as a skeleton, as all his blood, flesh, essence, and even his life force had been sucked away by Su Ming.

"I can't use my powers to shift often, since I can't recover that power. I'll be using my Origin Essence to relocate you, and I'll use up even more of it if it's long distance." The Duke of Crimson Flame's calm voice traveled into Su Ming's mind. During the instant the two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet had used their power of World Planes just then, Su Ming had borrowed the Duke of Crimson Flame's divine ability and moved away from that place. He had leaped past tens of thousands of feet and landed where he was now.

He could not warp in the ocean of wind, but there was no problem for the execution of the Art to shift, which was only available for those in Plane Kalpa Realm.

Su Ming did not speak. He only moved. As killing intent filled his eyes, he charged forward and closed in on another cultivator in Heaven Cultivation Realm.

Shrill screams of pain continued ringing the air. The expressions of the two World Paragons in Heavenly Treasure Planet turned dark. They retreated swiftly and charged towards in the direction from which the screams of pain were coming.

However, before they could fly even ten thousand feet outwards, two screams of pain that seemed to have rang out at the same time came from their left and right. If they made their judgment based on the voices coming from the two directions, the two people should be ten thousand something feet away from each other.

"Damn it, he has a clone, or else he wouldn't be able to do this, killing two people that are ten thousand something feet away from each other at the same time. Even if he knows how to shift, he wouldn't be able to do this.

"Two directions, one with his clone, and the other with his real self. We… We have to part ways. I won't believe that he can kill two people who are ten thousand something feet away from each other with us being incapable of saving them.

"We'll be able to tell which is the clone when we use the power of World Planes. If you find his real self, immediately send word, and I will rush over swiftly, and vice versa."

The two World Paragons from Heavenly Treasure Planet split ways once they sent their thoughts to each other. One of them went to the left, and the other to the right, and both headed to spots from which the screams of pain had come from.

The one who flew to the left was an old man. There was anger on his face, but he was incredibly cautious. Mo Ang's bizarre manner of death still remained in his mind. As he charged forward, he saw Su Ming in the ocean of wind within the span of a few breaths.

At the instant the old man saw him, his power of World Planes erupted with a bang from his entire body. It formed a windstorm that swept through the area. Right then, the other World Paragon suddenly sent a low shout from ten thousand something feet away.

"This is where his real self is, make haste here!"

When the old man heard that shout, his pupils shrank, because when his power of World Planes erupted from his body, it swiftly enveloped Su Ming, who was just about to leave.

The old man sensed the clear feeling of Qi and blood leaving Su Ming's body the moment he was enveloped by the power of World Planes. That feeling and presence meant that this person was definitely not a clone, but his real self.

'What a sly person. I don't know what method he used to make people think that the one ten thousand something feet away is the real self, but in truth, this is the one that is real.'

The ocean of wind filled the area and the old man's field of vision was blocked. Even his divine sense was weakened. However, with his power of World Planes, he was certain that his senses would not be wrong.

"This is his real self, make haste here!" the old man shouted out lightly. He charged forward, and killing intent shone in his eyes. At the instant he was about to chase after Su Ming, a shrill scream of pain suddenly came from ten thousand something feet away.

There was an indescribable terror in that scream, as if that person had seen something unbelievable before his death. That voice even made the old man shudder violently.

Shock appeared on his face, because that voice did not belong to anyone else but his companion, the other World Paragon from Heavenly Treasure Planet!

"This… This is…"

A bang rang out in the old man's heart. That scream of pain was abruptly silenced. A ripple signifying death came from ten thousand something feet away, and it could only mean that his companion… had died.

'Could it be that the person there was his real self?'

At the instant a wave of terror born from the heart rose in the old man's body, the Su Ming in the area which he could sense with the power of his World Plane stopped moving and no longer fled. Instead, he turned around and looked at the old man coldly.

At the instant the two people's gazes met, the old man immediately saw Su Ming's body turn into an endless amount of shards, and they let out a sharp, shrill whistle as they charged towards him through the area of perception of his power of World Planes.

"Just what is going on? Which one is his real self?! Damn it, break!"

The old man took a few steps backwards. At that instant, as terror filled his entire body, he no longer thought about the expenditure of his power of World Planes. A blue wave of impact erupted from his body and tumbled outwards. An innumerable amount of shadows manifested within that blue wave. Those shadows let out enraged roars. From the distance, they looked like an army of millions, and their presence was so great that they could shock even the heavens.

Yet at the moment the old man's mind was in shock due to his companion's death, his heart was filled with terror because he could not discern just which Su Ming was the real one, and he activated his divine ability which he obtained in World Plane Realm, he felt a sharp stab of pain at the center of his brows.

That feeling of pain went into his heart and soul, and a black spot appeared at the center of his brows, as if he had been stung.

That pain surged into his mind and turned into an endless amount of booming sounds. It made the old man shudder and let out a scream of pain. Right then, his body started visibly melting at a rapid pace.

His Nascent Divinity flew out due to this sudden turn of events, but before he could see his surroundings clearly, the innumerable shards that were Su Ming crashed into the wave of impact from the old man's power of World Planes. Amid the booming sounds, several shards shot through, and with a speed akin to a bolt of lightning, they stabbed the old man's Nascent Divinity.

As those shards melted, the old man's Nascent Divinity shattered and turned into a countless glittering lights that scattered all over the place before they gathered into shards. Then, those shards gathered together. As they shone, Su Ming's body manifested in the air.

His face was pale, and he coughed up a mouthful of blood. However, the power of World Planes was incredibly thick in his body at that moment, and he gave others the feeling of a Lord of World Planes at first glance.

"The wave of impact from World Planes… I still face a considerable amount of difficulty in killing a World Paragon who executes the power of World Planes."

Su Ming wiped off the blood at the corners of his lips. He had been injured upon his attempt to kill the other, and this had been after he had made this setup. Otherwise, it would have been even more difficult for him to confront him.

"However, the more power of World Planes I absorb, the stronger my Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole become."

When Su Ming lifted his head, a person walked out from the ocean of wind before him. That person's appearance was the exact same as Su Ming's. However, when he approached, his body began changing swiftly. By the time he came to stop in front of Su Ming, that person had already turned into the Duke of Crimson Flame. The bald crane was standing smugly on his shoulder.

"There are two cultivators from Heaven Cultivation Realm remaining. Since they dared chase after me, then they must be prepared to give up their lives." Su Ming stepped into the ocean of wind. The Duke of Crimson Flame and the bald crane turned into two flowing streams of light and disappeared into Su Ming's body.

After a moment, an incredibly wretched scream came from within the ocean of wind. Located ten thousand feet away was the only cultivator of Heaven Cultivation Realm that had come for this venture. The middle-aged man's face was stark pale, and his heart was filled with terror.

'Demon! Evil spirit! He's not a human!'

The heart of the middle-aged cultivator in Heaven Cultivation Realm trembled. He gritted his teeth and fled in a frenzy. He had witnessed with his own eyes his companions dying one by one. And the scream of pain from the World Paragons had brought his terror to its peak. At that moment, he no longer had any other thoughts in his mind besides fleeing.

As he fled as if he had gone mad, loud booming came from the dark sky over Heavenly Treasure Planet. Along with those booms, a shrill whistle sliced through the sky. Soon after, one, two, three… several dozens, several hundreds of long arcs appeared high above.

Even the weakest among those hundreds of long arcs was at the initial stage of Heaven Cultivation Realm. There were even several dozens of those that exuded a powerful presence of World Plane Realm. They were naturally the first batch of pursuers that had sensed Su Ming from the galaxy and had chased after him.

For the rewards offered by the four Great True Worlds, they could slaughter everything. As for the cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm, in their eyes, even though their chances were slim because there were World Paragons around, their numbers were many. Clearly, they were not in too much danger and that wanted criminal would definitely die. There was no possible way that he could survive. If that was the case, they would be in no danger, which was why they had naturally chased after Su Ming. Perhaps one of them would be lucky enough to have a sliver of a chance to run into the enemy, and from that, they would be able to obtain a serendipity.

"The reaction from the pearl is incredibly powerful! He's in the ocean of wind!"

"He's in that place filled with wind. He's right there. I can sense the wanted criminal's existence. "

"Haha, don't any of you try to snatch him from my hands! His life is mine!"

"Hmph. There's no certainty as to who will obtain that reward."

Hundreds of long arcs charged into Star Shattering Wind Ocean. Slicing through the air, they swiftly reached the place. The middle-aged Heaven Cultivation Realm cultivator that was rapidly fleeing through the ocean of wind was immediately filled with ecstatic joy once he saw this scene. However, right when this joy rose within him, he felt his speed suddenly increasingly by a fold, and as he became faster, he felt as if he was floating.

Then came the intense pain. When he turned his head around, he saw a headless corpse falling to the ground while blood gushed out from that corpse's neck. He saw a figure by his own side that had appeared at some unknown point of time, and he was flying with that figure… as if he was being carried.

That corpse was his, and his head was flying through the air because it was being carried by Su Ming.

At the moment, before the middle-aged cultivator in Heaven Cultivator Realm's vision turned dark, the final thing he saw were the hundreds of long arcs in the sky elbowing each other to rush to the fore.

'Come. All of you will also feel my terror. I will wait for you…'
