# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 796

Bang!

There was a spot in the ocean of wind with incredibly powerful wind blades. As a body was shredded to pieces, many shards flew out from the corpse. Those shards rapidly gathered together in midair before they turned into Su Ming.

He took a few staggering steps forward. With a slightly pale face, he turned his head around and cast a glance at the shattered body behind him.

'You are the seventh World Paragon I killed after I left Crimson Flame Planet.'

Su Ming's eyes sparkled. The power of World Planes in his body was full of vitality. This power continued spreading through his body. Originally, with his level of cultivation, it would have been impossible for him to contain the power of World Planes within himself and it would have just vanish on its own.

However, the Duke of Crimson Flame's Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole was incredibly powerful. It could actually turn his body into a cage and lock the power of World Planes within, preventing it from dispersing, and he would be able to accumulate more and more of it as time went by.

"If you practice the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole, nine states of repletion will appear. Each time you reach a state of repletion, it will mean that you will have to face a disaster. If you make it through that disaster, you will be able to break through.

"I've been observing your power of World Planes. You will need to devour ten more World Paragons before you reach the first state of repletion. At that time, your physical body will reach the boundaries of Heaven Cultivation Realm, and you will be able to touch the walls of Heaven Cultivation Realm separating you from World Plane Realm.

"If you can breakthrough, then your physical body will move into World Plane Realm." The Duke of Crimson Flame's voice reverberated in Su Ming's heart. Su Ming moved and disappeared into the ocean of wind to head towards his next target.

"Where are you?! Just where are you?!"

"Come out! You only know how to hide in the ocean of wind and ambush us! Don't you dare to come out and fight openly?!"

"Come out!"

Low roars echoed in the ocean of wind. When nearly a hundred people had died, quite a number of cultivators had wanted to leave as their hearts filled with shock. However, almost every single one of them who wanted to leave could not escape death.

It was as if that wanted criminal was a cruel, venomous snake staring at each of them from the shadows. The moment they lowered their guard the smallest bit, he would immediately attack and kill.

The screams of pain ringing in the air without stop filled most of the cultivators with terror. Too many… of their people had died. In fact, there were even World Paragons who had died, so all the cultivators in the ocean of wind begun to waver in their desire to chase down and kill Su Ming.

'It's almost four hours now, but I've never once met him. Not only does he have an Enchanted Treasure that allows him to warp, he also has a method to search and locate those around him.'

An old man in purple robes moved forward with a frown on his face. With each step he took, he would cover nearly a hundred thousand feet. With that sort of speed, it was impossible that he would be unable to even see Su Ming once in four hours.

The only explanation for that was that the other knew about his location beforehand.

'Interesting. I'd like to see just how long you will be able to hide.'

The old man was naturally the one the Duke of Crimson Flame had warned Su Ming to be careful of, the only cultivator in the middle stage of World Plane Realm among the pursuers.

Some hints of the old man's strength could be guessed based on Jing Nan Zi's show in the past. After all, Jing Nan Zi was also a cultivator in the middle stage of World Plane Realm.

As Su Ming continued killing, more than a hundred people who had rushed into the ocean of wind four hours ago had died. At the instant the thought of fleeing appeared in the remaining people's hearts, booming sounds suddenly echoed in the sky.

Once they rang out, long arcs appeared high above and charged towards the ocean of wind while stirring up loud whistles in the air. That was the second batch of people who had come for Su Ming's life in Western Ring Nebula. There were around five hundred long arcs, and among them were forty odd people in the initial stage of World Plane Realm.

The sounds of air being ripped apart spread through the entire Heavenly Cultivation Planet. The arrival of those five hundred something people caused the ocean of wind to tremble viciously, as if it was about to collapse.

"Haha, we came on time! That wanted criminal hasn't been killed yet! The reward is mine!"

"If he could last until now, then he is definitely not in Earth Cultivation Realm. But there's no way he'll be able to survive. It'll just depend… on under whose hands he'll die!" As those five hundred something long arcs charged forward and the people shouted among each themselves, they rushed into the ocean of wind.

Bang!

The sound shook the air in all directions, causing the wind in the ocean of wind to freeze for a moment. Clearly, it was barely hanging on under the mighty pressure caused by the five hundred something people.

The people who had been previously filled with fear due to Su Ming's slaughter no longer fled. Instead, as their eyes sparkled, they changed direction and joined the fray of the people trying to hunt and kill him once again.

'The Duke of Crimson Flame's divine sense will hide my presence for two more hours. Since another batch arrived… then I will kill to my heart's content.' A red glow appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He disappeared once again into the ocean of wind.

Soon after, screams of pain began to echo once again. Those screams rose and fell, and all the cultivators who ran into Su Ming could not escape death. He did not even bother about those World Paragons, his targets were mostly those in Heaven Cultivation Realm.

113th, 114th, 115th!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The wind in the ocean of wind tumbled back, and a part of the ocean started showing signs of falling apart. Su Ming fell back. Blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth. Not far from him were three people swiftly rushing over.

The presence of World Plane Realm erupted from their entire bodies, for all of these people were World Paragons.

Yet the moment their divine abilities closed in and they locked down the area to attack Su Ming together, he laughed coldly. Ripples spread out from his body, and he disappeared in the blink of an eye.

The three World Paragons' faces were incredibly dark. Without exchanging a single word, they swiftly parted ways and started searching for Su Ming once again.

About ten thousand feet away from that spot, Su Ming appeared in a flash. Killing intent shone in his eyes, and he headed off into another direction.

152nd, 157th, 163rd! Heads flew into the air, and it did not matter whether it was men or women, all of the people Su Ming killed shared two traits.

One, before they died, they would scream in an incredibly shrill manner.

Two, even if their heads were torn into shreds, they would remain in the air, and they were scattered in various parts of the ocean of wind. The wind could sweep up their corpses but could not move the heads.

Su Ming had left his power in those heads to keep them in place.

He had already descended into a killing frenzy. His killing sword hummed, and other people's blood was dripping off his long spear. His robes were dyed completely in crimson red.

Su Ming lifted his head and shouted out, "I will let you know the price of chasing after me in this battle! I will definitely win this!"

Once his voice spread through the entire ocean of wind, they delivered his declaration of war to all the cultivators in the land.

His roar was heard by all the six-seven hundred cultivators in the ocean of wind at that moment. They also sensed the will to fight in his cries. That will to fight shook the sky and earth, and it made the howling of the wind seem as if it was echoing him and roaring alongside.

The sky was dark, but in the mid of that darkness, as Su Ming shouted, the 163 heads of the people he had killed flew higher up. All the faces were different, but they all had expressions of shock. At that moment, waves of thick aura of death erupted violently from within them.

Those human heads danced in midair. Under the control of Su Ming's power, they were swept together in the air above the ocean of wind and turned into a whirlwind of human heads.

The whirlwind rotated as it howled. There was no shocking impetus coming from it, and neither was there any awe-inspiring presence that could cause the weather to change. However, that whirlwind formed as those 163 human heads continued rotating about was filled with a bloody, intimidating might that filled the hearts of all those who saw it with shock, and stilled their breathing for a moment.

That was intimidation, pure, plain intimidation. It was a blow Su Ming struck to the hearts and minds of all his pursuers.

He was telling everyone that he had already killed 163 of them, and these people were just the beginning. He would continue killing… as long as they continued trying to hunt him down.

"This… This is… nearly two hundred heads! He actually managed to kill this many people?!"

"That is Sir Chen Fu, he's a World Paragon, and he was killed?!"

"163 human heads, and three of them are World Paragons, just what level of cultivation does this person have?"

An uproar rose in the ocean of wind. The six-seven hundred people were filled with shock when they saw the human heads whirlwind in the sky, and at the same time, reverence rose within them towards Su Ming, who had done all of this.

"Their killer is Mo Su!" A low roar echoed in the world. That was Su Ming's voice. It spread in all directions and fused together with the booming sounds from the human head whirlwind. When those sounds spread out, it gave those who heard it a false impression that their bodies were sticky, as if they had been covered in blood.

"Mo Su, his name is Mo Su."

"The criminal wanted by the four Great True Worlds is known as Mo Su!"

"This person is definitely a World Paragon, or else he would have been unable to do this. World Paragon Mo Su, if he manages to escape this battle, then his name will definitely spread through Western Ring Nebula." The hundreds of people's voices fused together into buzzing sounds that echoed through the ocean of wind.

In a corner of the ocean was the old man in purple robes who was already in the middle stage of World Plane Realm. He lifted his head and looked at the human head whirlwind in the sky. A grave expression appeared on his face for the first time. He had been angry before, but now, his heart was in shock.

The World Paragons who had already moved into World Plane Realm all sported dark expressions on their faces. They did not care about how many cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm had died, but once they saw the three heads that belonged to World Paragons in the human head whirlwind, all of them fell silent.

They were forced to accept the fact that the person wanted by the four Great True Worlds was very strong, incredibly strong!

"So what if he's very strong?! He's still just one person!"

"That's right, we've already fought against him to this extent, there's no possibility for us to retreat anymore. It's rare that the four Great True Worlds offer a reward. If we miss this chance, who knows how many tens of thousands of years we'll have to wait for it to happen again."

"Besides, he might have killed many people, but he only killed three World Paragons. From this, we can tell that even if he wants to kill World Paragons, it's not easy for him."

"Find him, kill him, and get the reward!"

"Kill him!"

Most of the near seventy World Paragons spread around the ocean of wind chose to continue. They charged towards the direction from which Su Ming's voice had come at their full speed.

However, the cultivators in Heaven Cultivation Realm were shaken by Su Ming's crazed slaughter. The hundred something bloody heads in the whirlwind made most of them choose to retreat.

This was not a battle they could participate in, and that Mo Su was also not someone they could use to obtain a serendipity.

Before they came, they were ignorant due to their delight. Now, the terror of reality filled their hearts with trepidation. The price for that change was heavy. It was enough for them to remember it for life, as well as the name written in blood that came attached to it - Mo Su.
