# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1406

Chapter 1406: Great Dao Paragon Sen Mu!

The war between the two great sects erupted at that instant. To many people, the event was rather sudden, but usually, wars, especially those between cultivators, happened in a blink of an eye!

The black wind dragon roared and rammed straight into the ice, snow, and whirlwind. It let out a shocking roar while it crumbled. The endless black wind tumbled back, then gathered together in the ice, snow, and whirlwind to turn into a black-robed old man.

He had a staff in his hand, and his cultivation base surged into the air, revealing that he was a powerful warrior in Dao Spirit Realm!

“Dao Han, why must your Seven Moons Sect do this for the inner sect disciples who joined the sect within the last one hundred years? I am with the first batch of people who will come forth. There will be more after me. If you don’t hand over your people, you will only be destroyed!”

“How ludicrous, sect destructions have been incredibly rare since the ancient times. If you dare to set an example, then forget whether the other sects will attack you, even the Ancient Zang Royal Family will absolutely not allow it to happen!” the red-robed man said in a flat voice while his face protruded from the whirlwind.

“Dao Han, you have practiced cultivation for the shortest amount of time among the thirteen Great Sect Elders of Seven Moons Sect, and you are known as a Chosen, the hope for the future of Seven Moons Sect. Could you have forgotten… that this is the final three thousand years before the imperial power is handed to another person? During them, the royal family won’t participate in any fights between sects!”

The black-robed old man laughed loudly. At the instant the red-robed man’s expression changed slightly, the black-robed old man rushed at the whirlwind again.

At the same time, multiple figures flew out from the huge ravines in the air within Seven Moons Sect. There were also many ferocious-looking war chariots that shot out after them.

The cultivators from One Dao Sect had completely surrounded Seven Moons Sect, and the thirteen sect elders engaged their enemies in a battle to the death amid loud banging sounds. Nothing mattered in the battle, but their sects!

When more cultivators appeared beyond Seven Moons Sect, the red-robed man in the ice, snow, and whirlwind chuckled coldly. With the Rune around, he was not worried that the black-robed old man would be able to break through their defenses within a short period of time.

A loud bang shot up when the black-robed old man was pushed back, and Dao Han’s voice came from within the whirlwind.

“The chill of Seven Moons is the snow that goes against the heavens. This is the season of heat. There is a shadow in the burning sun, and now… we will have the shadow of Seven Moons descend!”

As he said those words, a loud bang came from the ice, snow, and whirlwind. They quickly spread outwards to instantly cover an area that surpassed Seven Moons Sect, enveloping the entire region.

In the blink of an eye, they covered an area of nearly one million feet beyond Seven Moons Sect and all the cultivators from One Dao Sect. The wind was fierce, and the snow was like sharp blades. As it spun in the area, shrill screams of pain traveled outwards, and Seven Moons Sect began to distort. The disciples from the second, third, and fourth layers of Seven Moons Sect instantly rushed out, clearly having prepared themselves for that moment.

They were completely unharmed in the wind and snow. In fact, their speed was much faster than that of the people from One Dao Sect. Their divine abilities were also somewhat stronger than normally. This snow and wind was their protection. While helping them, it also brought great harm to those from One Dao Sect.

The protection provided for the thirteen sect elders was especially great. Snowflakes covered them completely, and their cultivation bases instantly increased exponentially. They erupted with power that shook the sky and earth.

At the instant the black-robed old man’s expression changed, a red-robed figure walked out of the ice and snow. Needless to say, that person was the red-robed man, but it was not his real self. His real body served as a garrison for the Rune and ensured that it remained in operation. What appeared at that moment… was his Dao Shadow!

“Dao Shadow!”

A glint appeared in the black-robed old man’s eyes. He took a few steps back in the wind and snow that seemed to be able to blind people. At the instant killing intent appeared in his eyes, Dao Han’s Dao Shadow moved towards him expressionlessly.

Perhaps when it came to the levels of cultivation, they were near each other’s level, but in the Rune, the black-robed old man was at a complete disadvantage! But in truth, even if the Rune was not around, when Dao Han had the sixth layer of Sky Beyond of Sky in his hand—their supreme treasure—the black-robed old man could not win against him.

Even though the amount of time the black-robed old man had spent practicing cultivation was much longer, his potential and affinity could not compare to those of Dao Han, who was an existence akin to a prodigy and a Chosen.

In the sky above Seven Moons Sect that was ravaged by ice and snow, there was the outline of the statue formed by the cracks. Another world was in its right eye.

A lake was in that world. There were ripples on its surface, and they continued without end while it rained.

Beside that lake was a pavilion. Three people were standing in it at that moment while watching the ripples created by the rain falling in the lake. They reflected… the battle in Seven Moons Sect!

The three people were dressed as scholars. One of them had a rather solemn expression when he said calmly, “This battle is something the eldest prince personally ordered. We cannot underestimate Seven Moons Sect.”

“I didn’t expect that Seven Moons Sect would fight back regardless of the cost…” One of the two others might also be dressed as a scholar, but he had dashing eyebrows, and it caused him to exude a fearsome air.

“That’s how they should be acting. This is a fight for imperial power. If Seven Moons Sect did not know how to seize the chance in their hands and just handed over what we demanded, I would be surprised.”

The final scholar looked incredibly thin. He held a feather fan in his hand, an chuckled lightly after speaking. His eyes looked as if they contained stars and wisdom.

“But Seven Moons Sect has indeed activated the Seven Moons Snow Rune, as senior brother Feng expected, and the third prince… was indeed asked to not appear. Instead, he is still inside the fifth layer of Sky Beyond the Sky.”

The scholar with the rather solemn expression smiled at that moment.

“It’s not difficult. Based on senior Dao Han’s personality, it’s not difficult to predict that he would choose to use the Seven Moons Snow Sect among the seven Great Sect Runes of Seven Moons Sect after being oppressed for forty years.

“And the third prince… as long as Seven Moons Sect does not hand him over, he will definitely not show his face,” the scholar said with the ghost of a smile on his lips and the sparkle of wisdom in his eyes.

“Then, perhaps before the eldest prince arrives, we will have a chance to capture… the third prince.”

The scholar with the angled eyebrows had an expectant look in his eyes. Clearly, the status of the third prince they spoke of created a stimulation that made him want to release his cultivation base.

It was… the power of those who were in the second level of Dao Divinity Realm!

“Oh well, based on the eldest prince’s predictions, the third prince’s level of cultivation should be around the first level of Dao Divinity Realm. You should be fine if you go to capture him.

“I will help you suppress the powerful warriors in the fifth layer of Sky Beyond the Sky. As for the great sect elders in Seven Moons Sect… our powerhouses are limiting their movements from a distance. They’ll pose no problem for you.

“The only thing you will need to pay attention to is that you must tread down the path I laid out for you once you enter the Seven Moons Snow Rune, for only then will you be able to get into Seven Moons Sect and fool everyone. After all, your actions are the key to our operation. The people at the periphery are just decorations we laid out to help divert Seven Moons Sect’s attention!

“And you will only have the time it takes for an incense stick to burn. In that period of time, you must capture him alive!”

“I don’t need the time for an incense stick. I’ll be done when half of an incense stick finishes burning!”

The man with the angled eyebrows laughed loudly. At the instant a brilliant sparkle appeared in his eyes, he walked to the lake beyond the pavilion. His body turned into a long arc, and he instantly disappeared into a drop of rain, then seeped into Seven Moons Sect through the ripple formed when it landed on the lake.

Once the scholar with the angled eyebrows disappeared, the person with the solemn expression frowned.

“Junior Brother Sun is rather conceited and arrogant. I only hope… that no accidents occur.”

“This Rune can at most withstand the presence of cultivators in the second level of Dao Divinity Realm, and this is its weakness. If not for it, I wouldn’t have chosen Junior Brother Sun. He is only the strongest among all those in the second level of Dao Divinity Realm in our sect.

“Don’t worry. Based on my calculations, no problems will occur. I’ve already considered all possible variables and encompassed everything into my plan to make sure my calculations are accurate,” the scholar with the sagely eyes said.

…..

Wind and snow howled in Seven Moons Sect, the sound resounded through the entire world while the filled up the entire region. At that moment, another layer of snowflakes swiftly appeared in the snow and wind. If anyone took a closer look at them, they would be able to see that they had come from the right eye of the statue’s outline in the sky. At that moment, when they floated out, they fused with the snow in the area and could not be differentiated anymore.

The snowflakes moved with the wind and drifted about. While battles raged in the wind and snow, the snowflakes entered… Seven Moons Sect!

Neither the Rune nor other barriers could stop the snowflakes’ movements. They might have seemed to be moving in a seemingly unsystematic method, but they drifted about in a certain trajectory. Without being noticed, they seeped through the Rune until they reached the second layer of Sky Beyond the Sky, then the third layer, the fourth, and in the end… the fifth layer of Sky Beyond the Sky.

As they floated down, the snowflakes melted into a young man with dashing eyebrows and who wore a scholar’s robe, but he did not immediately act. Instead, he closed his eyes and levitated in the air as if waiting for something.

The fifth layer let out a bang, and an invisible hand appeared in the sky. No one knew how it appeared, but it went to swiftly push at the ground. The entire fifth layer roared loudly, and a huge pressure enveloped the area, shaking the hearts of all cultivators in the fifth layer of Sky Beyond the Sky. Their bodies instantly tensed up, and they could not move a single inch.

Cracks also instantly appeared in the fifth layer of Sky Beyond the Sky. They filled the entire area and sealed up the whole area. The cracks seemed to have found the edge of the fifth layer of Sky Beyond the Sky. Once they sealed it up, the red-robed man and the other sect elders immediately noticed it, but it was impossible for them to go back in time to prevent it.

Even if they rushed back, it was impossible for them to break the seal over the fifth layer of Sky Beyond the Sky within the time it takes for an incense stick to burn!

The person who placed the seal over the fifth layer of Sky Beyond the Sky and suppressed the cultivators inside was someone they could not fight in terms of their power. That person… slowly lifted his hand after he sealed the fifth layer from the seventh layer of Sky Beyond the Sky, then, with a smile, he looked at the twelve aloof looking Great Sect Elders of Seven Moons Sect before him.

“My fellow Daoists, it’s been many years since we last met. How are you?”

Su Ming’s Master in Seven Moons Sect, the middle-aged man dressed in the sky-blue Daoist Robe, looked at a person who had the appearance of a handsome teenager dressed in a white robe.

“Great Dao Paragon Sen Mu!”
