# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1416

Chapter 1416: His Dao Spirit Voice Shakes Ancient Zang!

When Su Ming’s fifth Dao Spirit Voice fused with the previous four and turned into a majestic sound, it reached the northern and southern regions as well as… the central region!

Soon though, the fifth Dao Spirit Voice lost its power to continue spreading. It turned into a lingering note that continued echoing in the air. At that moment, an even greater madness appeared on Su Ming’s face while he was above Seven Moons Sect.

“Sixth sound!”

Blood trickled out of the corner of his lips, and blood capillaries appeared in his eyes. It was the damage dealt to him after he drained his body and was injured by the ripples in the world.

Due to his potential, it should have been impossible for him to let out the fifth Dao Spirit Voice, which was why when the voice appeared… he seemed to have broken some sort of law. Because of it, his body was drained at a level that far exceeded what a normal cultivator would feel after they let out their fifth Dao Spirit Voice!

However… it also meant that when Su Ming retrieved his cultivation base, soul, life, and everything about him back, his potential would also change. He had already let out the fifth Dao Spirit Voice, and he needed to have the potential for doing that. If he did not, then the laws of Ancient Zang would make sure that he had it!

This matter might sound abstruse, but the logic behind it was not difficult to understand.

However, for it to happen, Su Ming had to bear more devastating consequences than anyone else… but since he had already went that far, he would definitely not give up.

As his voice echoed in the air, his True Immortal Sect World’s will erupted from him with a bang, and a part of his body instantly withered. Most of his life force seemed to surged out of his body with his will through his opened mouth as he let out… his sixth Dao Spirit Voice!

One is the beginning, three is greatness, six is power! At that moment, when Su Ming let out his sixth Dao Spirit Voice, he had already become one of the strong!

At the instant the sixth Dao Spirit Voice shot through the air, Gu Tai’s voice swiftly traveled into every single cultivator’s ears in Seven Moons Sect.

“Be even more alert. Absolutely do not let anyone who might interrupt the third prince approach. The sixth Dao Spirit Voice is enough to cause a commotion, and there will surely be people who will come and try to interrupt His Highness!”

Gu Tai’s voice echoed in the ears of every single cultivator of Seven Moons Sect. A brilliant sparkle appeared in all their eyes, and they became even more guard, defending the entirety of the one million lis of Seven Moons Sect like an unbreakable wall.

At the same time, a commotion arose in all the sects and clans that heard Su Ming’s sixth Dao Voice. Many people had let out cries of surprise at the same time due to their shock.

When the sixth Dao Spirit Voice fused with the previous five voices, the sound formed was like an explosive bang. The world became dark. When the ground trembled violently, Su Ming’s Dao Spirit Voice enveloped most of the northern, southern, and central regions!

There were a total of three sects and six clans in there. At that moment, all the cultivators there were shocked by Su Ming’s Dao Spirit Voice, especially the powerful warriors. They could tell how many Dao Spirit Voices a cultivator had let out based on the volume of the Dao Spirit Voice they heard. It caused them a great shock.

“That’s the sixth Dao Spirit Voice! He came from Seven Moons Sect…”

“Looks like another sect elder in Dao Spirit Realm is about to appear in Seven Moons Sect, and judging by how majestic this Dao Spirit Voice is… he might have a possibility of reaching Dao Immortal Realm…”

“But does Seven Moons Sect have some sort of plan? He’s not sounding his Dao Spirit Voices in the sect’s forbidden grounds, but instead is doing it in such an arrogant manner!”

When Su Ming’s sixth Dao Spirit Voice resounded through the air and lost its power to continue spreading out, Gu Tai’s ancient and excited voice shot up again in Seven Moons Sect.

“Su Ming, if you can sound the seventh voice, you will shock everyone. If you can sound the eighth voice, you will astonishment all sects. If… you can truly sound the ninth voice, your voice will cover all of Ancient Zang, and even the emperor will be able to hear you!”

Su Ming’s body had withered to a point where he looked like an old man at that moment. There was more blood in his mouth, and a large amount of red in his eyes. As if he did not hear Gu Tai’s voice, he sucked in a deep breath, and without any hesitation, while Gu Tai’s voice echoed in the air, he activated his will from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World!

“Seventh voice!”

Su Ming threw his head back and let out his seventh Dao Spirit Voice!

At the instant his voice spread out, it drowned out Gu Tai’s voice. This did not mean that Su Ming’s power had surpassed Gu Tai’s, but because the Dao Spirit Voice that traveled out at that moment had covered nearly six-tenths of Ancient Zang and had caused a resonance.

As Su Ming let out his voice, his body shuddered and became even more withered, up to the point where he nearly became a mummy. His hair went gray, and his blood was practically all drained. His life force also seemed about to dissipate.

But… his seventh Dao Spirit Voice rumbled in the air persistently. It spread through the entire western region, covered all the areas in the north, south, and the central region, filling nearly eight-tenths of Ancient Zang… with Su Ming’s roar!

Due to the mysteries surrounding it, Su Ming’s roar could not enter the royal capital in the central region. Only it remained unaffected. All the buildings, sects, clans, and cultivators in all the other areas could sense Su Ming’s seventh Dao Spirit Voice at that moment, and they also sensed the madness and determination contained in it.

At the same time when Su Ming’s seventh Dao Spirit Voice resounded through the air, in the north, a large number of cultivators from Asura Clan stepped into the Rune in Asura World. At the instant the Rune shone, they appeared in the northern region of Ancient Zang and charged towards Seven Moons Sect.

There were quite a large number of them, but they were not the trump cards of the clan and were not the strong old monsters. When they appeared beyond Seven Moons Sect with howling winds from their charge, all the Runes in Seven Moons Sect were activated. Gu Tai watched the newcomers with a cold glare. The twelve great sect elders beside him had already turned into long arcs and flown out with the sect elders.

“We can sacrifice the people in Seven Moons Sect… but not a single person is allowed to step in and interrupt the third prince’s Dao Spirit Voice!”

Gu Tai was well aware that as Su Ming continued letting out his Dao Spirit Voices, there would definitely be people who would come and try to interfere with him, but there would not be many who would do so. Aside from Asura Clan, the only other group who would attack would be One Dao Sect.

As for the other sects and clans, they would definitely watch, which would reveal the sect to which the third prince belonged. This could also be said to be a show of his strength, so that the other sects and clans could think about which faction to join once all three princes proved themselves!

Gu Tai had made full preparations for this. Even if… a Great Dao Paragon arrived, they would only be able to dream about breaking all the Runes Seven Moons Sect had activated!

Sen Mu’s arrival in the past had been an accident, but Gu Tai had not missed his arrival. He had instead chosen to use Sen Mu’s plan against him. Right then… since he had decided to personally formulate the plan, such accidents would definitely not happen again.

As booming sounds reverberated through the air, a huge battle broke out beyond Seven Moons Sect, and countless Runes appeared in the air around Su Ming. From the distance, multiple figures could be seen continuously approaching him, but they could not break the Runes, and since Gu Tai was around, the place became a ravine that no one could not cross for a short period of time!

At that moment, Su Ming’s seventh Dao Spirit Voice had already turned into echoes. As his body shuddered, blood poured out of his ears, nose, eyes, and mouth. The blood was sticky, like the last drops of his life. His face was pale, and his eyes were dull and lustreless, but the determination in them like a ball of bright flames.

“Seven voices, huh? I can still let out the eighth voice!”

There was madness in Su Ming’s bones. Be it when he was in Dark Mountain during his earliest years or when he slaughtered everyone in Saint Defier and Dark Dawn in Harmonious Morus Alba, madness had always accompanied him and was fully shown in his actions. It was a madness born from his resolution, and right then, he was determined to become strong.

Even if he was already drained and half a foot into his grave, he still had True Sky Hill World’s will fuse into his withered body to let out… the eighth Dao Spirit Voice that shook Ancient Zang and astonished everyone!

As Su Ming roared, the eighth Dao Spirit Voice traveled outwards, and it immediately caused Ancient Zang’s sky to tremble and rumble. The ripples in the sky were endless. The ground shook so much that it looked as if it was about to shatter, causing all the sects and clans to be able to sense it clearly.

The eighth Dao Spirit Voice covered the entire eastern region of Ancient Zang, causing the incredibly huge world of Ancient Zang… to be completely filled with Su Ming’s Dao Spirit Voice during that instant. All but the royal capital.

His voice fused with the sky, sank deep into the ground, and the sky of Ancient Zang seemed to almost completely form Su Ming’s face as the ripples spread out, but there was still a little something lacking. The face looked a little chaotic, and it could not take form!

The ground trembled, and it was especially prominent in the eastern region. The one sect and two clans over there heard Su Ming’s Dao Spirit Voice very clearly.

One Dao Sect was there too. The ancient temple with the three statues in it was enveloped by Su Ming’s Dao Spirit Voice at that moment, and it shook the temple so much that it looked like it was about to collapse. There seemed to be more cracks on the three statues.

In one of the cracks was the world of the volcano. The eldest prince was sitting on a huge rock in the magma. As he breathed, the entire volcano rumbled, but at that moment, those rumbles were instantly drowned out by Su Ming’s eighth Dao Spirit Voice, which came from the world outside.

“This is…” The eldest prince’s eyes flew open, and a hint of shock appeared on his face.

“Dao Spirit Voice. This is the eighth Dao Spirit Voice. Even if… he has royal blood coursing through his veins, it’s impossible for him to let out the eighth Dao Spirit Voice, because even I, with the purest blood, can only let out the eighth voice. How could he reach the same level as me?!”
