# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1417

Chapter 1417: Voice of His Life Matrix!

“That’s the eighth voice!”

“Someone actually managed to let out the eighth Dao Spirit Voice in Seven Moons Sect?!”

“No wonder Seven Moons Sect would so arrogantly let this person sound his Dao Spirit Voice. Eight voices… should be his limit. It’s already set in stone that if this person doesn’t die, he will definitely become a Great Dao Paragon!”

“But there’s something strange about this…”

All the sects and clans in Ancient Zang could sense the astonishing presence in Su Ming’s Dao Spirit Voice at that moment. At the same time, they could also see his face in the ripples in the sky. As the ground trembled, they also sensed his presence.

Perhaps average cultivators would only feel their hearts tremble when they witnessed the fusion of the face and the presence, but those in Avacaniya Realm were left shocked. The old monsters in Dao Divinity Realm could sense a sort of signal from the face and the presence!

“Could it be?”

“Could it be?”

“Could it be?”

The same words echoed in all the sects and clans at that moment, and it was the effect Seven Moons Sect wanted. If they could see Su Ming and sense what was different about him, then the other old monsters in the other sects could clearly sense it as well!

It was especially so… when Su Ming’s face and presence spread through most of Ancient Zang with his Dao Spirit Voice without any reservation. Gradually, cries of surprise rang out in the sects and clans!

“This is the presence of a royal prince!”

“Seven Moons Sect is telling all sects and clans that they… are participating in the competition of the successors!”

“Which prince is this?! Most people don’t know which sects or clans the three princes belong to! Seven Moons Sect is the first to notify the others about this matter so arrogantly!”

“This Seven Moons Sect sure is crazy. Right now, there surely must be a war outside Seven Moons Sect, and those who join the fight will certainly be the other two sects or clans who have joined the competition of successors. If we want to know… we just need to take a look!”

Such speeches existed practically in all the sects and clans. Runes shone, and figures disappeared. During that instant… the world around Seven Moons Sect immediately became incredibly lively.

By then, Su Ming’s consciousness had practically faded away while he was in Seven Moons Sect’s sky, but his body continued levitating. With his cultivation base, he had sounded four Dao Spirit Voices, with his four great wills, he had sounded four more Dao Spirit Voices, and he had managed to reach eight Dao Spirit Voices.

But even so, Su Ming still refused to give up. He wanted to sound the ninth voice. He wanted all of Ancient Zang to be filled with his Dao Spirit Voice. He wanted to reach his limit… because his goal was not to become a Great Dao Paragon. His goal was to become a ninth level Dao God and reach Boundless Dao!

Deep in his heart, he also had a desire. He wanted to let this voice enter Xuan Zang’s body, which would be a strike back amid the many jumbled attacks and illusions Xuan Zang dealt to him while in the process of being Possessed!

By then, Su Ming’s life force had scattered so much that it was practically gone. The only thing keeping him conscious at that moment was his will.

In silence, he slowly lifted his head. With unfocused eyes, he stared at the sky. He did not pay attention to the rumbles around him nor watch the fight between Seven Moons Sect and Asura Clan, because at that moment, he only had one thought in his mind.

To sound the ninth Dao Spirit Voice!

Su Ming levitated in the air. His silence was seen by the countless cultivators in the area at that moment. Among them were people from Seven Moons Sect, Asura Clan, and other sects and clans who had witnessed everything after they came from afar.

When they all looked at Su Ming, they immediately noticed something off about him at that moment. If a cultivator did not have the intent to sound the ninth Dao Spirit Voice, they would retrieve their divine sense and go through… the metamorphosis of their Dao Body into a Dao Spirit!

They had to do this to replenish all the life force they had drained, but Su Ming did not do that. Instead, he levitated in midair. This action immediately caused all the people to make guesses.

“Could it be… that he wants to sound the ninth Dao Spirit Voice?!”

“Even if… he’s a prince, it’s impossible for him to sound the ninth Dao Spirit Voice. The blood of the royal family is mostly for passing down legacies. They aim to inherit the world so that they… will have the right to become ninth level Dao Gods!

“This is the use of the legacy. There has never been a prince who became a Great Dao Paragon based on his own efforts. At most… they have only reached Dao Immortal Realm!”

“Could it be that he really intends to sound the ninth voice?!”

“If this person can truly do this, then he will immediately become famous, and all the cultivators in Ancient Zang will know about him. Once he lets out nine voices, he will definitely become a Great Dao Paragon in the future, if he doesn’t die early!”

“The eighth voices can shock people, but they will definitely not be stunned. Only… the ninth voice can bring about amazement!”

At that moment, the cries of surprise from all the outer sect disciples outside Seven Moons Sect created a loud noise that surged into the heavens. Even the Asura Clan cultivators who were fighting against Seven Moons Sect were all shocked. They moved back, as if their battle against Seven Moons Sect was secondary compared to Su Ming’s actions at that moment!

They wanted to personally see whether this prince… truly wanted to sound the ninth Dao Spirit Voice. They wanted to see whether he could send his voice into the royal capital and make his face in the sky turn from a jumbled mess into a clear outline, and whether he could turn the rumbles in the world into his own voice!

It would be… a major event that would make all of Ancient Zang tremble!

The hearts of all cultivators in Seven Moons Sect shook at that moment, and they lifted their heads to look at Su Ming. There was excitement on Gu Tai’s face. The mention of ninth voice had only been a passing thought. He longed for Su Ming to succeed, but he knew in his heart that it was nigh impossible, but still, at that moment, strong hope showed up in his eyes.

At that instant, the ground fell silent. The powerful warriors and old monsters from Asura Clan standing beyond the Runes around Su Ming all chose to give up on attacking. Instead, they moved back, and when they looked at Su Ming… respect shone in their eyes!

They saw how pathetic and disheveled Su Ming looked at that moment. They saw how drained he was, as if his life force was giving its last sparks before it was extinguished, but they also saw the determination shining in his unfocused eyes!

They might be enemies, but the powerful warriors and old monsters still felt respect for Su Ming! They respected a person who could sacrifice everything about themselves for their cultivation! They respected his Dao Spirit Voice and his attitude towards his path of cultivation, because in the depths of all their hearts, regardless of whether they had sounded their Dao Spirit Voices before or they had yet to gain the right, was either regret that they had never managed to sound the ninth voice… or longing for the day they could sound the ninth voice!

This respect caused them to give up on attacking at that moment. Once they moved back… they gave Su Ming peace that would not be interrupted.

It allowed him to be able to attempt sounding his ninth Dao Spirit Voice!

“This will be… the voice of my Life Matrix,” Su Ming murmured in the silence.

His voice spread out along the ripples in the sky above Ancient Zang and the rumbles of the ground to fill all the regions in Ancient Zang besides the royal capital!

It also reached the ears of practically all cultivators in Ancient Zang, causing all the sects and clans to instantly fall silent!

One Dao Sect also fell silent. The rumbling sounds in the volcano faded away at that moment, and the eldest prince lifted his head to look at the sky. He did not speak.

The second prince on the beast in Asura World had a ferocious look on his face. He was also staring at the sky and not speaking.

All the cultivators, no matter what they were doing, stared at the sky quietly at that moment. Echoing in their heads were Su Ming’s words. They were waiting for the next moment… for the possible success of the ninth voice that would stun all of Ancient Zang!

“My Life Matrix is one of midwinter moving to spring, of death moving to life…”

As Su Ming murmured, his unfocused eyes burned with determination and set fire to his madness. At that moment, an illusion appeared in the air above him. It was a huge diamond-shaped Rune formed by countless runic symbols. No one could understand them, but there were no divine abilities contained in them. Only Su Ming himself knew that each runic symbol symbolized a piece of his memory!

They were his memories from Harmonious Morus Alba, which formed his Life Matrix. The next instant, ice and snow, autumn leaves, the blazing sun, and life force appeared in the Life Matrix!

Then, it turned black. The originally bright sky above Seven Moons Sect instantly turned into night despite the fact that it should be morning. The night sky swiftly spread out, and then… the sky above the entire Ancient Zang turned dark!

Darkness enveloped the land. At the instant all shadows replaced light, Su Ming… let out his ninth Dao Spirit Voice in the dark—the voice of his Life Matrix!

It was no longer a roar, but a soft sigh. In held Su Ming’s memories, his determination, desire, and everything in his life. In an instant, they had turned into a sigh and spread through all of Ancient Zang…

All the cultivators who heard it were stunned on the spot. Complicated looks appeared on their faces. As the voice traveled outwards, it entered the royal capital at the center of the country, which the previous eight Dao Spirit Voices had been unable to penetrate… It was filled with the sigh at that moment—the ninth voice that belonged solely to Su Ming!

His voice continued echoing in the air. It reverberated without end through Ancient Zang. All the sects and clans were silent, having yet to wake up from the trance induced by the sigh.

At that moment, there was an old man dressed in a gray long robe beside the moat of the royal capital. He wore a straw hat and held an enchanted staff. He slowly raised his head and looked at the sky, then a faint smile appeared on his old face.
