# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1418

There was a kindness in that smile, along with happiness and hope… If anyone looked in the direction of the man’s gaze, they could see that Su Ming’s face… which originally could not be complete, had fully manifested at that instant.

The illusion was originally distorted, but right then… a huge face appeared in the stretch of sky, and needless to say, that face belonged to Su Ming!

His face was incredibly clear, and all the people in Ancient Zang saw it clearly at that instant…

It did not belong to Wang Tao, however, but Su Ming!

It was weatherworn, full of sorrow, and layered with a ferocious attitude towards destiny. All of those emotions were clear on the face.

Time seemed to have stopped at that moment. When the sigh echoed in the air, it gradually spread out, and some of it… seemed to have traveled out of Ancient Zang, and perhaps out of the body of the black-robed man who might or might not be sitting on a Feng Shui compass in the Vast Expanse while holding a black feather in his hand.

Once Su Ming let out the ninth sigh, the seemingly dead black-robed man surrounded by the aura of death who was lost in the Vast Expanse that might or might not exist… opened his mouth to sigh softly, just as Su Ming had done. But no one knew about it.

His face had also changed slightly at that moment. He seemed… to have become somewhat similar to Su Ming.

When Su Ming’s sigh that was his ninth voice gradually faded away in Ancient Zang, rumbles rose swiftly from the ground. Su Ming’s voice seemed to be contained within them. All the cultivators from the sects snapped out of their daze at that instant. Immediately after, shock and disbelief appeared on their faces.

“The sigh just now… was the ninth voice?”

“This is… the ninth voice… the ninth voice that has been sounded out less than fifty times since the ancient times…”

“The ninth voice. It’s the voice that guarantees that a person will become a Great Dao Paragon as long as they do not die…”

All the sects were shocked. When their cries of surprise echoed in the air, a man in a white long robe within a world known as Asura Dao—which was Asura Clan’s forbidden grounds—lifted his head and stared at the sky while sitting on one of the world’s tallest mountains.

He appeared to be incredibly normal. The presence of the powerful could not be detected on him, and he seemed just like a mortal, but in truth… while there were few who had personally seen him in all of Ancient Zang, the legends about him had existed and circulated in the country for a long time!

He was one of the three ninth level Dao Gods in Ancient Zang, and his name… was Tian Xiu Luo!

There was a mortal village to the northwest of Ancient Zang. All the mortals in it were asleep at that moment. They could not hear Su Ming’s Dao Spirit Voice. While the entire village was sleeping, there was an old man cutting wood in his own yard. The hacking sounds echoed in the quiet village…

When Tian Xiu Luo looked at the sky with a calm expression, the old man lifted his head and cast a glance at it before he no longer paid any attention to it. He continued cutting wood, seemingly preparing for winter.

Aside from Tian Xiu Luo, the old man, and the person in the straw hat in the royal capital, there was another person who was not thrown into a daze by the sigh. His mind remained clear. He stood in the astronomy tower of Ancient Zang’s palace. Wind blew against his robes, making them flutter. His hands were behind his back as he stared at the sky quietly. Only his back could be seen, not his face.

As time passed and the booming sounds continued echoing in the air, all the disciples in the sects and clans snapped out of their daze. Their shocked cries of surprise traveled in every direction. At that moment, all the people who surrounded Seven Moons Sect stared at Su Ming in astonishment.

Excitement showed up on Gu Tai’s face. He stared at Su Ming as if he could see Seven Moons Sect’s future as well as the future of all their members. At that moment, all the disciples from Asura Clan, whether they were on the ground or the sky, all stared at Su Ming with complicated expressions while staying silent.

It was especially so for the powerful warriors from Asura Clan who had given up on attacking due to respect. At that moment, when they looked at Su Ming, their respect for him became even more stronger. They respected Su Ming for his attitude towards his path of cultivation and for having the certainty of becoming a Great Dao Paragon in the future so long as he did not die.

There was no longer any meaning to the fight. In silence, the powerful warriors from Asura Clan fell back. As they retreated, the Asura Clan disciples on the ground all moved back as well and turned into long arcs that left the place. During that time, Su Ming suddenly lifted his head, and with his almost lustreless eyes, he glanced at his face, which occupied the whole sky, opened his mouth, and sucked in a sharp breath!

With it, endless rumbles immediately appeared in the sky. When they spread through Ancient Zang, Su Ming’s face in the sky immediately charged at him. It instantly fused into his body, filling him with an abundance of life force.

At the same time, the tremors on the ground calmed down. The rumbles from earlier also sounded as if they were tumbling backwards, turning into howls that charged towards Su Ming.

In the blink of an eye, he absorbed them. His will returned to his body, his cultivation base was restored, his life force became even more abundant than before, and the three Dao Bodies in his third eye fused and overlapped with each other before letting out a silver light!

The silver light was a Dao Spirit color only those who had sounded nine Dao Spirit Voices could possess. It was impossible for people who sounded any other number of Dao Spirit Voices to have this color. It was a sign that Su Ming had reached a Dao Spirit Realm that was completely different from other people!

The silver light spread through Seven Moons Sect and illuminated all of Ancient Zang, which made everyone see their sect as they had never seen it before.

When the three Dao Bodies fused with one another and the silver light appeared, Su Ming’s cultivation base swiftly increased, and from Quasi Dao Spirit Realm, he moved into Dao Spirit Realm. In fact, during that moment, a fourth illusory figure could also be seen overlapping with his Dao Spirit. It was… his fourth Dao Spirit. However, it had just gained form at that moment and had not completely manifested!

But at that moment, Su Ming’s combat prowess had increased by a lot!

His face had also become known in all of Ancient Zang. He was a person who amazed the whole land with a single action! Be it the eldest prince or second prince, it was something that they desired greatly as well, but could not manage to do.

Su Ming stood in the air and sucked in a deep breath. Even firmer resolve appeared in his eyes, but hidden in the depths of that resolve was a hint of sadness. He missed… his Master and senior brothers from the ninth summit, his elder, the bald crane, Cang Lan, Yu Xuan, and Xu Hui.

“The sigh of my Life Matrix at night… is because I miss all of you,” he whispered.
