# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1424

Since the two cultivators had found their way to him the night before, Su Ming knew that from then on that his life would no longer be peaceful. Be it One Dao Sect or Asura Clan, those who searched for him due to the appearance of his ninth voice would come one after another.

Perhaps it was precisely what Gu Tai hoped for, because at that moment, Su Ming could be said to be located at one of the safest places in Ancient Zang.

The old man in the house within the courtyard also left Su Ming sometimes not knowing what to say in regards to his personality or his words. Because of that, he actually hoped for the people who wanted to kill him to arrive as quickly as possible so that he could experience just how powerful the old man was.

The loud thuds of wood being cut echoed in the courtyard. Gradually, in the evening sky, a cold air appeared, even though temperature should be warm since it was summer. Snow floated down from the sky, and the snowflakes were filled with glittering light. When they fell, they landed on the two white dogs, Su Ming, and the tip of the old man’s nose.

The old man shuddered, then lowered his head to mumble under his breath. A fierce glare lit up in Su Ming’s eyes. The snowflakes were not naturally formed, which was a telling sign that they had a visitor.

It was especially so for the two white dogs. They were shuddering at that moment while looking at the door to the courtyard.

“You’re distracted again!” The old man went up to slap Su Ming’s head. With it, the fierce glare in Su Ming’s eyes disappeared.

“Keep your mind on chopping wood. Stop constantly being distracted by the changes in the world outside. Chopping wood itself is a field of study. I’ve chopped wood for most of my life. You? The time you were exposed to it is still too short.”

The old man assumed an air of self-importance due to his age, then bent his body a little while tightening his jacket around his body. He lifted his head and stared at the snow floating down before he grinned.

“Haha, this snow fell at the perfect moment! I love watching snow the most.”

Su Ming did not say anything. He did not ponder over the old man’s words carefully, but instead shut his eyes. Soon, he opened them, and his eyes were calm. However, they were also incredibly dull as if Su Ming had become incredibly listless at that moment, and there was nothing eye-catching about him. It was as if he had become a real young mortal. He lifted the axe and continued chopping wood.

The old man skipped about in the courtyard while patting the falling snow and enjoying himself very much. As for the two white dogs, they were at full guard while they glared at the door to the courtyard. Grave looks appeared on their faces, and they even instinctively let out whining sounds that sounded nearly like threats.

Su Ming still had his head bent while he continued chopping wood. He remembered how the old man had acted this way when he showed him how to cut wood after Gu Tai left. He had his head bent while he cut wood and had not made a sound after he was tired of asking Su Ming whether he understood what he was doing.

Soon after, knocking sounds came from the door to the courtyard. Thud thud, thud thud. They were very rhythmic and calming, but once they entered the courtyard, the two white dogs began to whine even louder.

“Hmm? Go and open the door! Didn’t you hear that someone’s knocking on the door? Go and take a look at who it is.” While swatting at the snow, the old man turned his head around.

Su Ming looked up and put down the axe. He was still expressionless, and his eyes were still dull. He walked to the door, and once he opened it, he saw a middle-aged woman dressed in a large Daoist robe standing outside. She was very beautiful, and when her gaze fell on Su Ming, she smiled faintly.

Su Ming swept his gaze past the beautiful woman, then asked with a frown, “Who are you looking for?”

“For you.”

The woman smiled faintly. Before Su Ming could say anything, she walked past him and stepped into the courtyard.

The old man who was swatting at snow suddenly stopped moving and stared at the woman in a daze. He even drooled.

But he soon calmed down and quickly ran into the house.

The woman’s smile grew wider due to the old man antics. To her, the old man was just an ordinary mortal, and there was nothing special about him. She was also confident in her looks and did not mind that a mortal old man had been enchanted by her appearance.

However, she was slightly curious as to why the old man would suddenly run into his own house.

But this matter was too trivial. The woman cast a glance at the courtyard, and when her gaze landed on the two white dogs, she did not manage to see anything wrong about them either. Her gaze then returned to Su Ming.

“So, you’re the third prince? You really made us look for you by hiding in this place. It is quite extraordinary. The mountains surrounding this place form a natural Rune, and no divine senses can search through here. There is also a pattern here that hides away Life Matrices. If your level of cultivation isn’t high enough, it won’t let you see this place.”

The woman only cast a glance at the area before she found what was wrong with it. With her level of cultivation, she could see some things, but only those that made a whole.

“You even placed Runes in the courtyard? Hmm… they’re rather jumbled Someone should have come here before me recently. Judging by these presences…” The woman opened her eyes slightly and smiled lightly.

“They’re two Dao Paragons. Looks like I truly didn’t underestimate this place. For Seven Moons Sect to be able to do this… Gu Tai should have been the one in charge of this.”

The feeling the woman gave off because of her words made it seem that she was equals with Gu Tai. This showed that based on her level of cultivation… she was definitely not a Dao Paragon!

Her divine sense spread out swiftly, and she frowned. Just as she was about to speak, Su Ming sat down on the stump again. He picked up the axe and continued chopping wood.

“Boy, you’re quite the interesting one.”

The woman looked at Su Ming, then smiled even more happily. When she approached him, she bent down slightly to reveal the beautiful curves of her waist and hips under the Daoist robe.

“I haven’t introduced myself. My name is Ji Wu Meng, and I’m a Great Sect Elder of Asura Clan, Immortal Qing Han. Third prince, would you be interested in coming to train in Asura Clan?”

The woman’s smile was incredibly good, and her fair skin filled her face with an air that could make others’ heart race.

But Su Ming’s expression remained gloomy as he continued cutting firewood.

The woman’s smile stayed. At the instant she stood up, the door to the house was suddenly pushed open, and out came a figure dressed in a green scholarly robe that was clearly slightly too large for it. The man had a scholar’s hat while his hair was messily spread over his shoulder. In his hand, he held a fan that was clearly broken and damaged…

That person… was the old man. He had returned to the house and used his fastest speed to change his clothes. At that moment, with the fan in hand, he took a few steps forward. A few fake coughs left his mouth as he gazed at the woman with excitement and eagerness.

“Miss, a good day to you.”

Su Ming’s axe came to a screeching halt. He had to admit that all his composure shattered at the moment the old man said those words. The woman beside him was also stunned, but soon, she covered her mouth and chuckled. When she examined the old man’s clothes and appearance, her smile went even to her eyes, which turned them crescent-shaped.

“Miss, don’t laugh. I like ladies with big rumps the most. Stop standing in front of my disciple, that boy doesn’t like girls with big rumps, but I do.”

The old man spread his fan open to reveal that it had oil stains on it. He lifted his head and shifted his expression to one that he believed was very elegant.

“The night is decorated with flowers and silk, and there is snow floating down. It’s a perfect night for dates with girls with big rumps. Miss, let’s engage in a passionate love that can be made into a ballad and bring others to tears in this courtyard with the starry sky as our blanket and the ground as our bed. Miss, I love you…”

The old man had a passionate look on his face. He took a few brisk steps forward and appeared right in front of the beautiful woman who could now no longer chuckle and was completely stunned.

“Ji Wu Meng, huh? It’s a good name, a very good name. Immortal Qing Han? This name is not good. Qing Han, it means to be pure coldness. This is a rotten name only for those who don’t have big rumps. You should be known as… Immortal Big Rump!

“That’s right, this is a good name. Su Ming, what do you think of this name?” the old man asked excitedly.

Su Ming was silent. He lifted the axe and continued cutting wood. He suddenly realized that when the old man said he wanted two dogs the previous night, two dogs had truly appeared. Earlier in the day, he had mentioned that he wanted a woman with a big rump… and Immortal Qing Han had really arrived.

The eyes of Ji Wu Meng shone with a chilling glare, but a smile slowly appeared at the corners of her lips as she stared at the old man. To her, he was an old mortal who did not have even an ounce of power, and unless he was someone driven by lust, he would definitely not do something so outrageous.

“Third prince, is this person sent by Seven Moons Sect to protect you?” The iciness of Immortal Qing Han’s smile grew stronger.

“Hey! Miss Big Rump, could you stop talking to him! I’ll get jealous!” the old man said seriously.

The moment he finished speaking, Immortal Qing Han lifted her right hand, and with one swing of her arm, the mighty pressure belonging to Great Dao Paragons enveloped the place, freezing the world. Waves of cold air spread out in every direction, and snowflakes fell, covering the entire world.

But… her expression changed the next moment. The old man had already grabbed her right hand and was fondling it with a sleazy look on his face.

“You!”

The woman was shocked into disbelief. With her level of cultivation, there were less than twenty people who could grab her hand while she cast her Arts, yet the old man before her… had easily grabbed her right hand as if she had been doing nothing.

Just as he was about to retreat, she found that her whole body had gone numb. She did not notice that the two white dogs not far from her in the courtyard were watching her while giggling at her misfortune.

“Senior…” The woman’s face was pale as she fearfully looked at the old man holding her right hand.

“Hush!” The old man placed his finger on his lips and stared at the woman seriously while he touched her hand. With great excitement, his hand slowly moved upwards, and he asked with a very stern voice, “Is your rump big?”

Su Ming had his axe held high, but it came to a screeching halt again. He sighed and no longer paid any attention to the things around him, but instead focused on chopping wood. He felt that the old man’s bizarreness was one that very few people in Ancient Zang would be able to stop.

“Huh? Why aren’t you speaking?

“Y-y-you-you’re looking down on me!”

The old man was immediately red with rage and began shouting. The woman’s face turned paler, and the terror in her eyes became stronger. She could clearly sense her cultivation base being sucked away by the old man, and the speed of it grew even faster when he became angry. Her cultivation base was sucked away with each passing moment.
