# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1425

Chapter 1425: Profound Meaning

“Not… Not big…”

The woman could no longer keep her dignity. The feeling the old man gave off brought her incredible terror, and she could not help but think of a legend!

In said that there were three ninth level Dao Gods in Ancient Zang. One of them was the emperor, and he had a great will that the world had to worship. With his blood of the royal family coursing through his veins and his inheritance, he was particular towards granting infinite royal graciousness to win all fights without even fighting!

The woman was also not unfamiliar with the second of the ninth level Dao Gods, because he was the supreme Progenitor of the Asura Clan—Tian Xiu Luo!

With a supreme and domineering air, he made the world bow to him and all lives respect him. The will of his Dao dominated one of the peaks of Asura Clan!

The last of the three ninth level Dao Gods was someone whose name was unknown, but as one of the Great Sect Elders of Asura Clan, the woman had once seen Progenitor Tian Xiu Luo and listened to his lectures about Dao. She knew of some secrets that no one else knew, such as the name of the third ninth level Dao God. He was Gu Hong!

He was always alone, had a strange personality, and was temperamental like the ever changing clouds. He was very different compared to the emperor and Tian Xiu Luo and lived a licentious life. In fact, when Progenitor Tian Xiu Luo spoke of him, he could never keep his calm, and his emotions would stir slightly. He only had one sentence to describe the third ninth level Dao God—”Extremely shameless!”

At that moment, while Ji Wu Meng felt trembled and her heart filled with fear, the name Progenitor Tian Xiu Luo once mentioned before appeared in her mind.

It was Dao God Gu Hong, who had an equal status to Dao God Gu Di and Dao God Tian Xiu Luo!

“Not big?”

The old man was stunned. He blinked. Doubt appeared on his face, and when he asked that question, he extended his left hand and put it into the woman’s Daoist robe in an incredibly sleazy manner to grope her posterior. His eyes immediately turned big, as if he had touched something unbelievable…

“Y-y-you… How dare you lie to me?! Er… No-I mean-ahem, I’ll know whether you’re lying or not by touching you a few more times. Heh heh, don’t even think about lying to me.”

The old man had been about to erupt in rage when he thought of a better solution, and his eyes suddenly shone. He quickly let out a few fake coughs and groped the woman a few more times with his hand in her Daoist robe.

The woman could no longer care about being embarrassed. When someone reached her age, they would have already experienced many things. It was not that she was not averse to this, but that even if she was averse to this, she had to know when she could show her aversion…

She had already formed an assumption of the old man’s identity, and the terror in her heart made her forget to fight back. In fact… she did not even want to fight back.

“Heh heh, how dare you try to lie to me again? But I’m a reasonable person. How about this? I’ll look into this further to see whether you’re lying to me.”

The old man groped her a few more times with a serious and contemplative expression on his face.

“Huh? I can’t feel it. Ah… I must be old now. No can do, to let you gain a clean record as a woman with a big rump, I must investigate this matter closely.”

While the old man was having a good time, Su Ming automatically blocked out all his words. No matter how the old man decided to fool around, it had nothing to do with him. He only lifted the axe again and again, and every single time the axe fell, he would split the firewood in half.

When the time it takes for another incense stick to burn passed, red appeared on the woman’s face, and only then did the old man pull his hand out from her Daoist robe with great reluctance. He glared at her as if fire was raging in his eyes.

“Damn it, y-y-y-you lied to me again! Can that even be called a small rump?! Is that even logical?! Is that even rational?! Oh heavens, the sun is watching from the sky! How dare you say your rump is small?!”

The old man’s rage burned to the high heavens, and as he spoke, he pointed at the sky. But right then, the sky was… dark.

The sky could not be seen and even less so the sun, but the old man clearly did not care about such things. While he shouted, the woman trembled even more intensely. Most of her cultivation base had been absorbed by the old man. The feeling of numbness and weakness in her body made a pleading look appear in her eyes.

She was feeling incredibly regretful, wishing that she had never come to the bizarre village to cause Su Ming trouble. She would not have run into the terrifying existence then.

“I…” Just when the woman was about to continue, the old man’s rage seemed to have reached its peak. He immediately started shouting at Su Ming.

“Su Ming, Su Ming! Stop chopping wood, you brat! Heh heh, how dare this girl with the big rump lie to me. She has a big rump, but she said it’s small! Damn it, damn it! Could it be that my hand is too small?

“No, this is a very serious matter! I need a witness! Come over here! Throw that axe away and touch her! Then tell me whether it’s big or small!”

When the old man shouted, Su Ming, who originally thought that his mind was calm, was thrown into a mess again. He froze, then turned his head around and gave a wry smile to the old man.

“Hmm? That smile… Boy, could it be that you like girls with big rumps as well? Haha! Looks like the both of us are fated together. At least I didn’t waste my time giving you food, drinks, and white dogs. Ah, alright, I’ve always been a forthright person and always honor the code of brotherhood!

“In the past, the little Gu Tai even… Ahem, let’s not talk about the past. Little boy Su, don’t worry, tonight, I will let you sleep in the house. Let’s engage in a passionate love with big-rump girl that can be made into a ballad and can bring others to tears!” The old man put on a smile that made it seem as if he understood Su Ming’s thoughts and spoke in a forthright manner to him.

When the woman heard it, her face went stark pale, but not much of her terror was in regards to the matter. She was only thinking of how she could flee from the old man.

Su Ming was just about to explain himself to clear the old man’s misunderstandings when the old man turned around and his gaze met those of the two white dogs. At that moment, the woman felt her heart thump, and her face turned ashen pale. The source of her terror had shifted to what she saw.

The old man was conflicted.

Hesitation appeared on his face, but clearly, he was someone who honored the code of brotherhood and was a very forthright person. At that moment, he swung his arm, and then spoke loudly with a tone that made it seem that he was completely unbothered by it, even though it was very clear that he was very bothered by it.

“Oh well, even those with fur will do. The two of you are in luck today. Heh heh, tonight… Tonight, once we’re done with making love with the girl, I’ll let you two have a taste of what love feels like as well.”

“Senior Gu Hong!”

The terror on the woman’s face became even stronger. In her anxiety, she screamed shrilly. She believed that with the old man’s status and level of cultivation, since he could say those words, he would definitely do as he said.

“What did you say? What did you call me? Damn it! This is a secret! Y-y-you… I am indeed Gu Hong, but this is a secret! Ah, I’m mad! I’m really mad! Su Ming, come over here and verify it! Tell me whether her rump is big!”

There seemed to be white smoke curling up from the old man’s head. Red appeared in his eyes. When he looked at Su Ming, his expression said that if Su Ming did not grope her, he would erupt in rage and believe that Su Ming was looking down on him.

Su Ming was silent, but soon, he smiled faintly. The next moment, it disappeared, and his expression turned into one of indifference. He swept his gaze past the woman, then spoke languidly.

“It’s just like you have said, senior, this female cultivator is indeed lying.”

“Hmm? You know even without touching her?” The old man looked at Su Ming with a sceptical gaze.

“I have lived long enough to have reached a state where I can tell even without touching. This is something you will need to practice more, senior,” Su Ming had a relaxed look on his face as he spoke.

The old man was dazed upon hearing his words. After a long while, his gaze suddenly filled with more enthusiasm than ever before. He stared at Su Ming as if he was looking at a kindred spirit.

“Ahem, could you tell me… how you managed to do it? Teach me, come on. We could also do an exchange. I have quite some good stuff with me, even some incantations, but they’re all jumbled up,” the old man said quickly.

“You can only sense it, it cannot be taught by words.”

“You’re right, you’re very right, you’re incredibly right, you’re absolutely… Huh? Darn you! That’s just bullsh*t! You’re toying with me!”

The old man was about to nod instinctively, but when he was halfway through his words, he reacted to the situation, and he immediately felt himself burning with rage.

Su Ming lifted his eyebrows, and his gaze instantly turned fierce. When his eyes landed on the woman, he took a few breaths and began to speak.

“She has practiced cultivation for 38,792 years, and she lost her virginity when she was thirty-nine years old. She had nineteen husbands in her life, and her posterior is the size of four palms!”

Su Ming’s expression was very calm, but when he spoke, the old man’s face filled with shock.

“You’re lying!” The woman was just about to continue, but the old man had already interrupted her with a face full of admiration.

“A learned man! A wise man! I didn’t expect this, little boy Su, you’re a learned man!”

“I will still have to thank you for teaching me, senior.” Su Ming smiled faintly.

“I wouldn’t dare to guide you, we should be learning from each other. Um… it’s late now, so I won’t talk to you anymore. I have to engage in a passionate love with big-rump girl here.”

The old man’s eyes sparkled as he grabbed the woman’s hand with great excitement and quickly ran into the house. The woman could not do anything and was dragged in after him.

“Senior Gu Hong, I am a Great Sect Elder of Asura Clan. You-you can’t do this. Progenitor Tian Xiu Luo will…” the woman said swiftly, but before she could finish speaking, the old man began roaring loudly.

“Damn it, stop talking about that son of a btch! If I want to get a girl with a big rump, no one will dare to tell me no in Ancient Zang! Even that son of a btch Tian Xiu Luo!

“It doesn’t matter whether it’s that son of a b*tch or that miserable old fool in the royal capital, both of them have a family and children. I’m alone! Who will dare to offend me?!”

The old man’s words were incredibly arrogant and conceited. With the woman in tow, he went into the house, and with a bang… he closed the door.

“Huh? Hey, little boy Su, why aren’t you moving? Come on in.”

Soon, the door to the house flew open again, and the old man looked at Su Ming with a serious look on his face. “This is your serendipity. You have to think about this properly. Do you want to come in or not?”
