# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1432

There were three long arcs beyond the millions of mountains at that moment. One of them was in front of the other two, and they were slicing through the air as they charged forward. The one in the front was a woman. Her face was pale, but it only emphasized her delicate beauty.

She was incredibly beautiful. In fact, it could be said that she was more charming than beautiful. The faint moles on her neck and the corners of her lips only increased her charm.

Right then, there was panic in her eyes as she charged forward. There were two middle-aged men chasing after her. They had aloof expressions, and when they attacked, their attacks were filled with killing intent. While chasing after her, they gradually approached the millions of mountains in the southwestern region.

“Fellow Daoist Xu, you can’t escape after stealing something from our sect!” one of the two people said faintly, and his voice resounded through the air.

“Your young master personally gave me this item, there’s no such thing as me stealing it!” The woman snorted coldly.

When she spoke, her eyes shone, and she charged to the millions of mountains ahead of her. She had long since known of the strangeness in this area, and she knew that divine thoughts and divine senses would be oppressed greatly there. If she could widen the distance between herself and her pursuers before losing them, it would be difficult for them to find her again.

“It’s useless even if you run into the millions of mountains. The two of us are only the first batch of people to come after you. You should know that there are plenty of other sect disciples behind us. They have already received the order to chase you down and are on the way,” the middle-aged man to the right said faintly.

While speaking, he suddenly lifted his right hand. Several huge scorpions instantly flew out of his sleeve. Those scorpions did not have any corporeal bodies, but were formed by fog. If anyone looked at them, they would think that they had been drawn on a piece of paper with ink.

At the moment they flew out, they let out piercing screeches and charged at the woman.

The woman’s face turned pale. When the scorpions approached her, she formed a seal with her hands, then pointed backwards. The figure of a scorpion instantly appeared behind her. It screeched and collided with the scorpions rushing at the woman.

A loud bang shot up, forming waves of impact that swept outwards in every direction. With those waves, the woman’s speed instantly increased exponentially. However, her pursuers behind her cast some unknown Art. Because of it, their speed did not slow down, but had instead become faster.

The three of them instantly appeared among the millions of mountains in three long arcs and sliced through the sky as they charged forward.

When the two men saw that the woman ahead of them had charged into the mountains where divine senses would be suppressed, they did not show any hesitation. Instead, cold sneers appeared on their lips.

The moment the middle-aged men sneered at the woman and she stepped into the mountains, dozens of long arcs appeared out of nowhere in front of her. All of them charged straight at her.

As her expression changed, more long arcs appeared in the distant sky to her left and right. There were long arcs all around her, and they formed an encirclement!

The woman narrowed her eyes. At that moment, a crazed laughter rang out in the air. Hundreds of cultivators had appeared in the sky. A dozen of them were carrying a palanquin with a huge seat, and sitting on it was a young man in a pink robe. There were five scantily dressed female cultivators around him, and they were embracing him while staring at the woman named Xu coldly.

“You b*tch, you took my treasure and still refuse to become my furnace? I’d like to see how you’ll escape this time. Once I capture you, I will have my way with you in this place. Don’t worry. I won’t kill you. I will give you to the people who followed me to this place!”

The young man had a handsome face, but his expression was ferocious. A cold glare shone in his eyes, and when he spoke, he exuded an unseen arrogant air.

“Remember this, I want her alive!”

The face of the woman named Xu turned even paler. She gritted her teeth, then moved. Immediately, black fog surrounded her, and the shadow of a huge scorpion manifested. At the same time, she fled downwards, but no matter how fast she was, there were hundreds of cultivators surrounding her.

They immediately laughed coldly and flew out together. Like a net that covered the entire sky, they forced the woman named Xu to the ground.

She could simply not flee from her predicament. When she was forced to the ground, she would be caught in a net like an overturned bowl, and there would simply be no chance for her to escape.

She knew it clearly, but there were hundreds of cultivators around her, blocking her way no matter which path she chose, and with those obstructions, she would instantly surrounded.

There was only one path before her, and it was the way down, but there was also a limit to that path… unless there was no end as she descended downwards, but that was clearly impossible.

However, right then, when the woman named Xu was filled with anxiety and the cultivators in the area forced her to descend to the ground, she suddenly saw a black-robed cultivator standing on a summit of one of the many mountains below her.

That cultivator had long hair that danced in the mountain breeze, and there were five white dogs behind him.

Needless to say, it was Su Ming.

At the instant the woman named Xu saw the cultivator, she felt her heart thump in dread, but when she looked closely, she found that she had never seen him in the sect before. A thought appeared in her heart, and as she charged forward, she immediately spoke.

“Brother Zhang, help me!” After shouting that, she changed direction and charged straight at Su Ming.

The young man sitting in the chair in the sky ate a celestial fruit given to him by one of the women beside him and shouted arrogantly, “As I thought, that btch has someone waiting for her in this place… Kill him! Kill! I want that btch alive, as for the rest, kill!”

Right when he said those words, a dozen people split up from the hundreds of people chasing after the woman named Xu and charged towards Su Ming.

When the woman named Xu saw this, she immediately made a decision in her heart. The image of the scorpion behind her collapsed with a bang and turned into a wave of impact that swept up her body to make her instantly draw close to the mountain where Su Ming was. Once she appeared behind him, she did not stop but instead spoke quickly.

“Brother Zhang, run! I buried the item in the place you requested! We’ll meet in the spot we agreed on previously!”

After saying that, she felt smug and thought that the person could only be considered to be unlucky. She hoped that he could attract some people after him so she could have a chance to escape.

There were plenty of loopholes in her act. It was nothing worth mentioning, but right then, it was a critical moment, and her act served to be slightly useful.

But right when she spoke, a calm voice reached her ears.

“Leaving just like this?”

The woman named Xu had been about to flee, but her body suddenly froze, and she found herself bound by an invisible power. She could not move even an inch forward and was forced to stop behind Su Ming. This scene immediately caused her expression to change drastically.

At that moment, the hundreds of cultivators in the area closed in on them and surround the mountain on which Su Ming stood.

None of the hundreds of cultivators were in Dao Divinity Realm. In fact, they were not even in Avacaniya Realm, and the female cultivator was just in Void Tribulant Realm.

When the mountain was surrounded, Su Ming did not bother about the people in the area. Instead, he turned around and looked at the pale-faced woman named Xu.

She stared back at him in shock. At that moment, if she still did not know that Su Ming’s level of cultivation had far surpassed hers, it would have been impossible for her to have survived in Ancient Zang for that long.

“Senior…”

When she spoke, the cultivators around them attacked Su Ming. They were grossly overestimating their own strength, and the moment they attacked, White Three—the one with the missing leg—barked at the sky while standing among the other white dogs beside Su Ming.

Its bark shook the sky and earth, sounding as if thunder had roared. The sky and earth tumbled about, clouds crumbled, and so did the hundreds of cultivators in the area. Banging sounds shot up along with a blood-red fog. At that instant, all the cultivators had been reduced to blood mist due to the shock they received from the bark.

The scene shocked and intimidated the woman named Xu, and the young man in the palanquin shudder as well. The bodies of the women around him broke down at that moment, and his body was dyed red by fresh blood. He let out a shrill scream, and four figures manifested around him.

They were four old men, and their expressions were incredibly solemn while their eyes sparkled. The presence of those in Dao Divinity Realm spread out from their bodies; they were all powerful warriors in the first level of Dao Divinity Realm.

“Senior… Senior, please save me. I’ve been forced to a corner by these ruffians and had to resort to seeking shelter from you. I hope that you will not blame me. In truth, I’ve been driven into a corner…” the woman named Xu immediately pleaded. Her voice quivered slightly, which was a telling sign that she had been completely intimidated.

“What’s your name?”

After glancing at the woman behind him, Su Ming sighed quietly in his heart. Her appearance was identical to that of Xu Hui. Even her moles were the same.

“I am Xu Hui,” the woman named Xu quickly said.

She felt incredibly nervous, and her nervousness grew even more when she looked at the white dogs who had previously appeared unassuming. With just one bark, one of them had killed hundreds of people. The shock she received from seeing that was too great. And… there were five of such dogs around him!

“Can you drink?” Su Ming closed his eyes and hid the sadness as well as the reminiscence in his eyes.

“Huh?” The woman named Xu was momentarily stunned. She hesitated for a moment, but before she could answer, Su Ming had already opened his eyes.

“Drink with me once, and I will help solve this predicament.”

The moment he said it, he turned around and swung his sleeve. The five white dogs beside him immediately flew out and charged at the sky.

The young man in the chair turned stark pale. When he screamed, the pupils of the four old men around him shrank. A strong sense of life-threatening danger rose in the old men, and they did not dare to attack. Instead, they grabbed the young man, turned around, and tried to escape.

But the four old men did not stand a chance against the five white dogs. The dogs instantly caught up, and shrill screams of pain rang out.

“How dare you harm me?! I am the son of the Great Sect Elder of Cloud Sieve Sect! My father is a Dao Paragon! You—”

The young man’s speech turned into a scream of pain. It soon disappeared, and the five white dogs returned to Su Ming’s side. The young man’s pale head was in White Five’s mouth.
