# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1439

Boom!

When a loud bang resounded in the air, it stirred up the world and caused the air to distort. When countless ripples spread out, the old man coughed up blood, and fell backwards. After him, two white figures charged forth.

Naturally, they were White One and White Five. These two white dogs were Dao Paragons, and when they charged, their divine abilities filled the air. The old man suddenly felt like he was not facing two Spirit Beasts, but two Dao Paragons who were at the same level of cultivation as him, just with bizarre forms!

‘Damn it, where did Seven Moons Sect get these two incredibly valuable Spirit Beasts?! Damn it!’

The old man’s face was incredibly dark, but he did not have time to even wipe off the blood at the corners of his mouth. At that moment, he could only think about fleeing instead of how to kill Su Ming. The only thought in his mind was to leave as quickly as possible.

He could engage in a fight with a single white dog, but when two of them appeared, the old man knew that it was completely impossible for him to kill Su Ming… unless the two white dogs did not possess high intelligence. Only then would he stand a chance, but when they exchanged blows, the old man immediately felt his heart tremble, because he had the feeling that the two Spirit Beasts were just like cultivators.

When he retreated, a cold sneer appeared at the corners of Su Ming’s lips. Killing intent shone in his eyes, and when he took a step forward, he charged towards the old man.

The old man stared at Su Ming, and his speed of withdrawal grew even faster.

“Today, I will let you leave, now get out of my sight!”

The old man might have been shocked and felt apprehensive at the two dogs’ level of cultivation, but he still had an arrogant look on his face. When he spoke, his air of self-assumed superiority was still present.

He was certain that the third prince’s level of cultivation was not high enough. Even with the two white dogs, the third prince would not dare to pursue him too tightly, and he would definitely not want to stall for time either. After all, he had a unique status. If he stayed in one place for too long, he would attract other people’s attention. This was something the third prince would not want to face.

Because of that, the old man was certain that the third prince would give up on making things hard for him.

“But I don’t want to let you leave,” Su Ming said in a flat voice while rushing forward with killing intent shining in his eyes.

The old man snorted coldly, but right when he did so, he sensed two more Dao Paragons’ presences charging over from different directions.

“There are already other Dao Paragons coming to this place. Since you don’t know what’s good for you, you might as well never leave this place again.”

The old man chuckled coldly, but he did not stop and continued retreating. He wanted to wait until the two other cultivators with the presences of Dao Paragons arrived. As long as they were not from Seven Moons Sect, the third prince would surely face a disaster.

A glint shone in Su Ming’s eyes, and his lips curled up into a faint smile. When the old man saw his expression, his eyes immediately shrank. An ominous feeling rose in his heart when he saw two rays of white light charge towards them .

Within those two rays of white light were two large white dogs!

At the moment he saw them clearly, the old man’s expression changed drastically. His heart trembled in a manner of a monstrous storm. He felt that his eyes were playing tricks on him. When he looked forward swiftly, he found that the two white dogs which were previously beside Su Ming were still around.

‘F-four?! That’s impossible! How could it be possible for anyone to find four Spirit Beasts who look exactly the same in all of Ancient Zang, and they’re all Dao Paragons to boot?!’

The old man’s heart was filled with shock at that moment. Without any hesitation, he bit the tip of his tongue, coughed up a mouthful of blood, and used all his cultivation base to flee swiftly.

He could no longer fight. No matter how conceited he was, he did not have the courage to fight against four white dogs who shared the same level of cultivation as him. In fact, a powerful sense that he was about to die had already risen from the depths of his heart. It was not Su Ming’s disaster, but his!

At the instant he moved in a flash and was about to leave into the distance, Su Ming lifted his right hand, and the Space Whip immediately replaced the sky. It charged towards the old man, and with a loud bang, it struck him. With the hit stalling him, the four white lights immediately rushed up at him.

They were so fast that the old man simply did not have time to flee. With bloodshot eyes, he growled, and loud booming sounds shook the sky and earth, stirring up dust fog that swept outwards in every direction. The old man coughed up blood, and his right arm shattered. He let out a shrill cry, and nine jade slips that had appeared in front of him at some unknown point in time crumbled to dust. With the power brought forth by the jade slips when they broke, his body was sent flying backwards.

The four white dogs charged forth again and were about to close in on the old man, and despair showed up in his eyes.

At that moment, the Feng Shui compass suddenly manifested under Su Ming’s feet and rushed forward. The Feng Shui compass charged forth at a speed that made even Su Ming’s heart tremble. It was so fast that Su Ming instantly surpassed the four white dogs.

In fact, before the old man could even notice him, Su Ming had already appeared in front of him. At that moment, it was as if Su Ming had forced his way and occupied the old man’s eyes. His reflection had completely overtaken the old man’s pupils.

The old man was stunned. The next moment, Su Ming lifted his right hand and pushed his palm at the spot between the old man’s eyebrows. At the same time, the four white dogs arrived simultaneously. Booming sounds shot into the air, and the old man’s limbs were all clamped down tightly between the four white dogs’ jaws.

Their teeth sank deep into the old man’s flesh, and immediately, the old man’s cultivation base was sealed, causing him to be unable to move even the slightest bit. He widened his eyes, which went red from terror. The old man let out a shrill scream of pain which spread through a circular area of ten thousand lis. The hearts of the cultivators who had left trembled, and they quickly went even farther away.

As the screams of pain continued, the old man’s body rapidly withered away. His life force, cultivation base, and even his soul all charged into Su Ming’s body through the Brand on his right palm.

Su Ming’s injuries quickly recovered. In the blink of an eye, he was completely healed. When he let go of the old man, the old man’s shrill screams had already disappeared, and he had turned into a mummy.

The Brand of the crescent moon on Su Ming’s palm was shining with a dark light at that moment. While Su Ming could absorb the old man’s cultivation base, he could not use it to increase his own. He could only use it to heal his injuries. However… he could gather the old man’s cultivation base on the Brand, accumulating it to deliver a strike that would be equivalent to one that could be used by the old man was at the peak of his form.

Su Ming cast the mummy a cold glance, then looked away and took a step forward towards the altar that had yet to be activated. Twenty breaths later, when a pillar of light shot into the sky from the altar, a bright light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He turned around and brought the four white dogs with him to turn into long arcs that charged into the distance.

The return of the four white dogs allowed Su Ming to relax. As long as he did not run into any Great Dao Paragons, there would be no cultivators who could stop him.

‘Just endure a little more. Once we get to the second layer, no Great Dao Paragon will be able to step into that place, and at that time, I will be able to fight for the altars!’

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. Even though some people would definitely use other methods to enter the second and third layers in the battle of Dao Verification and would be able to equip themselves with combat prowess that far surpassed their levels of cultivation, just like Su Ming did with his five white dogs, Su Ming was still rather confident that he could have the world at the palm of his hand when he was in the second and third layers.

In truth, that was indeed the case. For Seven Moons Sect, the hardest was the first layer, because all the Great Dao Paragons from each sect would appear in this layer, and it was impossible for Seven Moons Sect to obtain any sort of advantage.

However, it was different in the second layer. If no accidents occurred in the second layer, then with Gu Tai’s level of cultivation, he could stand superior to all others.

‘I still need to be careful in the first layer.’

As Su Ming thought that, he brought the four white dogs into the distance. When two more hours passed. Su Ming looked at the jade slip before him. Based on the markers on the slip, he would need about two more hours before he could get to Seven Moons Sect’s rendezvous point.

Right then, there were all sorts of fights in the first layer. Pillars of light appeared in the world, and from the distance, Su Ming found that there were one hundred thousand of them. Clearly, all of them had been activated, and right then, all the sects and clans were fighting for them.

Su Ming shifted his gaze away and charged forward, but right then, his heart suddenly trembled. He had a feeling that someone had set their sights on him. When their gaze landed on him, Su Ming felt his heart tremble in fear.

“Hmm?”

A faint voice traveled out of empty air, and right after, a figure walked out. It was a teenager who appeared to be about thirteen or fourteen years old. He was dressed in a long white robe, and when he walked out of the air, he looked at Su Ming with a grin.

“I am One Dao Sect’s Lin Dong Dong. Greetings, third prince.”

The teenager might have seemed young, but there was an ancient tone to his voice. When he spoke, the world around Su Ming showed signs of freezing, as if it had been sealed.

Great Dao Paragon! Only Great Dao Paragons would possess this sort of power.

This was not the first time Su Ming had met a Great Dao Paragon. Sen Mu was not the first Great Dao Paragon he met when that person came to Seven Moons Sect either. In truth, the first Great Dao Paragon Su Ming met was Immortal Qing Han, but since the old man had been around, Immortal Qing Han had been reduced to an incredibly pathetic state. Still, Su Ming had never underestimated the Great Dao Paragons of Ancient Zang—who numbered to less than thirty—because of it.

It could be said that each Great Dao Paragon was a powerful warrior who stood at the peak of Ancient Zang. Without the ninth level Dao Gods, the Great Dao Paragons… were at the peak of the level of cultivation.

“Third prince, why are you in such a hurry? Since we met, we must be bound by destiny. Why don’t you come with me?”

When the teenager spoke with a smile, he walked to Su Ming in the sky. With each step he took, the world would tremble. In fact, if he wanted to, it seemed as if with just one thought, he could flip the world over its head.

Su Ming was silent. The pupils of the four white dogs beside him had already shrunk. The world around him had been sealed, which seemed to say that his fate of encountering a life-threatening disaster was already set in stone.

When the teenager began to walk over, Su Ming lifted his head. He brought his right hand up and pushed down at the area before his feet. With it, the most powerful strike from the old man which Su Ming had bound into the Brand on his right palm immediately erupted with a bang.

At the same time, the four white dogs howled. They brought forth their strongest power and delivered their most powerful strike at the frozen world.
