# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1441

Su Ming stood up in the second layer. Over here, even if the Great Dao Paragons descended by some unknown method, it would still be absolutely impossible for them to act as outrageously as they did in the first layer. They would definitely suffer some form of interference.

And it was the place where Su Ming would begin his slaughter!

When killing intent filled his eyes, he spread out his divine sense to check the regions where the four white dogs were. In just the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn, a ray of white light charged over and appeared besides Su Ming. It was the three-legged White Three.

The other three white dogs were rushing to Su Ming from farther locations.

Su Ming moved and brought White Three to charge towards the stone above him. About an hour later, killing intent shone in his eyes. Before him, he saw three disciples from Seven Moons Sect fighting against two people from One Dao Sect for an altar.

There were ten thousand altars in the second layer, and the rules were the same as in the first layer. Within seventy-two hours, the sect or clan with the most altars occupied would have the right to enter the third layer first.

The altars there were even more simple and primitive. The petrified trees on them were also thicker. If Su Ming was to compare them by their ages, then if the trees in the first layer were ten years old, then the trees here would be one hundred years old.

At the instant Su Ming saw the two cultivators from One Dao Sect, he took a step forward and closed in on one of them. When he walked past that person, he had seized that cultivator’s neck. With one squeeze, a loud crack rang out. The cultivator’s eyes immediately went wide, and when he breathed his last, all his life force and cultivation base were instantly sucked out through the Brand on Su Ming’s right hand.

The other One Dao Sect cultivator by the side had an expression of shock on his face at that moment. He looked as if he was about to move back, but a scream of pain tumbled out of his mouth instead, because White Three had pounced on him and began tearing through his body.

All of that happened so quickly that the three disciples from Seven Moons Sect were stunned and immediately became wary, but once they saw Su Ming’s face, they let out a sigh of relief and wrapped their fists in their palms in Su Ming’s direction. Then, the three of them turned into long arcs and left the place.

Su Ming looked at the altar and moved towards it. It took him a total of forty breaths to activate it. Right after, a large amount of sweet fragrance filled the air. When Su Ming sucked it in, his eyes shone brilliantly, and he turned around to leave into the distance.

He continued to charge forward. With White Three by his side, even if he ran into Dao Paragons, Su Ming would still have the power to fight back. However, as he continuously rushed to the sky, he did not run into any Dao Paragons on his way, only cultivators with other levels of cultivation. However, as long as he ran into those from One Dao Sect, Su Ming would not hesitate to kill them.

Every single time he attacked, Su Ming would absorb his target’s cultivation base and their life force, causing the strongest hit accumulating in the Brand on his right hand to reach great power.

He killed nonstop. Wherever he went, the mummies left behind served as a testimony to his killing intent, but it was still not enough for him. Two hours later, he spread his will outwards with a loud bang in the second layer’s sky. When it swept outwards in every direction, a glint shone in his eyes. He turned around and charged north. Over there, two cultivators were fighting against each other over an altar.

Su Ming did not know those two people, but based on their clothes, he could tell that one of them was from Asura Clan, and the other from One Dao Sect. Seeing a Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect was already enough for Su Ming to have killing intent boil in him.

When he rushed over, White Three was beside him. The moment the two Dao Paragons clashed against each other with their divine abilities and were forced back, the Feng Shui compass suddenly appeared under Su Ming’s feet. His speed instantly increased exponentially, and he immediately charged to the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect.

The Dao Paragon of One Dao Sect was a middle-aged man. At that moment, his expression was as dark as thunderclouds when he looked at Su Ming. When he frowned, Su Ming had already closed in on him. White Three was by his side.

Booming sounds instantly reverberated through the air at an astonishing volume, causing the pupils of the Dao Paragon from Asura Clan to shrink. Then, he too chose to attack.

The attacks from White Three and the Dao Paragon from Asura Clan immediately made the expression of the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect to change drastically. Just as he was about to retreat, Su Ming appeared in front of him with an aloof expression.

Killing intent appeared in the eyes of the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect. Su Ming’s level of cultivation was not worth his attention. He lifted his right hand and went to strike him, but Su Ming brought up his right hand as well.

At the instant he touched the Dao Paragon, Su Ming jolted. He coughed up blood. His right arm’s bones fractured, and his flesh felt as if it was about to be torn, but he forcefully suppressed the injuries. The price for it was that his body was instantly injured.

But his expression only grew even more ferocious. Not only did he not avoid the attack, he did not even bother about his injuries. Instead, he had the Brand on his right hand absorb the man’s cultivation base and life force.

Immediately, the pupils of the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect shrank, revealing a hint of shock. At the same time, White Three turned around and fixed its stare on the Dao Paragon from Asura Clan, who had been stunned by what Su Ming had done.

He had personally seen the right hand of the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect wither. At the same time, Su Ming’s injuries recovered. But it lasted for only the span of a few breaths.

The Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect roared and tore off his right arm. He then swiftly retreated with his gaze when he looked at Su Ming filled with fear.

‘What is this Art?!’ As he retreated, the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect eyes filled with shock when he looked at Su Ming.

Su Ming’s eyes shone when he looked at the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect coldly. The absorption that lasted only a few breaths just then had been enough for his injuries to recover. Killing intent returned to his eyes, and he charged towards the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect.

The Dao Paragon’s heart trembled and he instinctively moved backwards, but right then, white light suddenly shone from behind him. It was White Four approaching the area. When booming sounds reverberated through the air, the Feng Shui compass under Su Ming’s feet appeared, and he immediately arrived next to the Dao Paragon.

He brought his right hand up and pushed down on his shoulder, absorbing him immediately. The Dao Paragon turned around, intending to attack him, but White Four charged forth and engaged in a fight against him. By then, Su Ming had already moved back.

Just like that, as White Four was engaged in a fight against the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect, Su Ming closed in on him six times. Each time, he would absorb some of his life force and cultivation base. When Su Ming closed in on the Dao Paragon for the seventh time, he did not even care about the Dao Paragon’s resistance and simply pushed his right hand at the center of the man’s brow. With it, the Dao Paragon shuddered and let out a shrill scream of pain before turning into a mummy.

The Dao Paragon from Asura Clan saw everything from the start to the end. His expression was incredibly sour. There was great wariness in his gaze when he looked at Su Ming.

“I only kill those from One Dao Sect,” Su Ming said slowly while casting a glance at the Dao Paragon from Asura Clan. The two white dogs next to him cast the Dao Paragon from Asura Clan a fierce glare.

The Dao Paragon took a few steps backwards. He cast Su Ming a deep glance before turning around and leaving swiftly. He did not even bother about the altar. Clearly, the fight just then—Su Ming’s ferociousness and the strangeness of his right hand—had already shocked him.

Su Ming activated the altar and absorbed the aura, then lowered his head and cast a glance at the Brand on his right palm. At that moment, the might of a Dao Paragon’s full powered strike was contained in the Brand, and his eyes sparkled. When Su Ming turned around, he brought the two white dogs upwards. Two hours later, another white dog rushed to their side. With the three white dogs, Su Ming instantly left into the distance at his quickest speed.

All along the way, as long as he ran into cultivators from One Dao Sect, no matter what level of cultivation they possessed, Su Ming would immediately kill them, and it was especially so when he ran into another Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect.

When Su Ming attacked, he did not care about his injuries. As long as he had the chance, he would absorb the other’s life force, and all his injuries would immediately recover. On the way, not only did he manage to absorb a large number of cultivation bases and life force from the cultivators, a blood-red moon had also appeared behind him!

The blood moon was formed by Seven Moons Sect’s Art. When it appeared, it looked like Su Ming was in a sea of blood.

When another two hours passed, Su Ming heard the rumbles of a Rune. Amid the noise, he saw a huge stone of hundreds of thousands of feet big above him. At that moment, there were tens of thousands of cultivators who were fighting atop it!

There were twenty something altars on the huge stone, which was why that place had turned into a small battlefield. With a single glance, Su Ming could tell that Xu Zhong Fan, Dao Han, and the other people from Seven Moons Sect were fighting against one Dao Sect!

Su Ming’s appearance and the blood-red moon immediately caused him to become the center of attention. In an instant… quite a number of people recognized him.

Xu Zhong Fan’s expression changed. At that moment, a Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect laughed loudly and turned into a long arc that left Xu Zhong Fan’s side to charge towards S Ming. At the same time, hundreds of cultivators behind him turned into long arcs that rushed towards Su Ming.

“You had plenty of other paths to take, but you took none of them and insisted on coming here. I’ll kill you and perform a great meritorious service. I’ll even earn myself a great kismet!”

The Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect was a bald man dressed in a long orange robe. While laughing long and hard, he closed in on Su Ming.

The eyes of the three white dogs beside Su Ming shone with a fierce glare at that moment. When they were about to charge forward, killing intent shone in Su Ming’s eyes. At the instant the tens of thousands of people in the area looked over and Xu Zhong Fan rushed over, Su Ming moved forward and appeared right in front of the bald man.

He lifted his right hand, and the instant the light from his Brand appeared on his palm, it turned into a piercing light that shot into the sky. When that light filled the entire area, Su Ming brought his right hand downwards to collide with the bald man in the air.

Su Ming did not continue absorbing anyone’s power. He wanted to kill until his reputation dripped with blood. He wanted to kill until he formed an imposing presence, especially in this large-scale batter of tens of thousands of people. He needed to have his reputation rise, which was why… he did not absorb any power, but released it!

Su Ming released the power that he had absorbed from hundreds of people, two of which were even Dao Paragon. In a moment, all of it erupted from his right hand.

Astonishing booms surged up, and they instantly caused the weather to change, the air to distort, and the shattered stones in the area to crumble to pieces before a powerful wave of impact that swept outwards against tens of thousands of people. All of their expressions changed drastically at once.

At the same time, the bald man’s expression filled with disbelieving shock. He did not even have time to let out a shrill scream of pain. Right next to Su Ming’s right hand, his body distorted and vanished. Even his soul was wiped off immediately!

Instantly killed!
