# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1442

Chapter 1442: Fourth Level of Dao Spirit Realm

That strike was an accumulation of power Su Ming had gathered all along the way. Once he absorbed the cultivation bases and life force from hundreds of cultivators, he had struck with an astonishing power that could instantly kill a Dao Paragon!

Perhaps that strike would not be enough to pose a threat to a Great Dao Paragon, but to Dao Paragons, that explosive power could destroy their lives. It was especially for the bald man, who had been injured because he had been fighting against Xu Zhong Fan for a long time and who had clearly not treated Su Ming as a threat. Once he saw Su Ming, he immediately closed in to fight for the kismet, but in the end, he had only lost his life.

Su Ming’s fight against the bald man was held in the air above the stone. The moment when the bald man’s body and soul were destroyed, the battlefield instantly fell into silence. All the people looked at Su Ming in shock, and even Xu Zhong Fan came to an abrupt halt. With disbelief, he stared at Su Ming.

The pupils of Dao Han shrank, and a storm surged up in his heart.

If that was how the two of them reacted, it was even worse for the other two Dao Paragons from One Dao Sect. They sucked in a sharp breath, and when they looked at Su Ming, great shock showed up on their faces.

Neither of them expected that the third prince, who appeared to only be in the third level of Dao Spirit Realm… could instantly kill a Dao Paragon. The shock brought by such an event was too hard to describe with words.

The impact of it on the cultivators from One Dao Sect was also incredibly strong.

Dao Han’s eyes shone with a glint, and he immediately shouted, “Seven Moons Sect, kill them!”

The moment he spoke, the cultivators from Seven Moons Sect felt their spirits rise. While roaring, they charged forward to fight against those from One Dao Sect.

Su Ming lifted his right hand. Immediately, the blood moon behind him phased through his body and appeared in front of him. Then, once Su Ming formed a seal and pointed forward, the blood moon exploded and turned into a blood-red sea that charged towards the cultivators of One Dao Sect.

Behind the red wave was Su Ming and the three white dogs by his side. They charged at the cultivators from One Dao Sect, and wherever they went, the Brand on Su Ming’s right hand would absorb everyone.

Usually, when he touched a cultivator from One Dao Sect, that person’s body would immediately shudder, and as they screamed shrilly, their bodies would instantly wither. Wisps of white smoke containing their life force and cultivation base would come out of their bodies, and since Su Ming was moving too quickly, those wisps looked to be chasing after him to be continuously absorbed by his right hand.

As more white smoke appeared, from the distance, it looked like Su Ming was surrounded by wisps of white smoke, and behind him were mummies littered all over the place!

“Kill them!” Su Ming growled.

His eyes were bloodshot, and his killing intent towards One Dao Sect had already reached a monstrous degree. This sect had come causing trouble for him time and again, and the battle right then allowed Su Ming to vent some of the anger in his heart, but this amount of slaughter was far from enough.

When Su Ming growled, the ten thousand something cultivators from Seven Moons Sect immediately roared with him.

“Kill them!!”

The cultivators from One Dao Sect were forced back, and more and more of them died. The two Dao Paragons felt their hearts pound in fear. A moment later, they cast each other a glance and instantly moved back, intending to leave.

But the next second, three white dogs flew out to stop them. As for Xu Zhong Fan and Dao Han, they did not pay attention to the two Dao Paragons, but instead brought with them the cultivators of Seven Moons Sect to launch an even more powerful charge against the rest of the survivors.

In the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn, the army of One Dao Sect was torn to pieces. There were less than two thousand of them left, and they scattered like panicked birds. As for the two Dao Paragons from One Dao Sect, one of them had managed to flee, but the other one had his cultivation base sealed, which filled him with despair, and as he screamed shrilly in pain, he turned into one of the mummies under the effect of the Brand on Su Ming’s right hand.

“Third prince!”

“Third prince!”

The ten thousand something disciples from Seven Moons Sect looked at Su Ming with excitement while standing on the stone. When cheers rang out, Su Ming’s voice echoed in the air.

“Call me Su Ming.”

“Su Ming!”

“SU MING!!!”

Amid the thunderous cheers, the twenty altars on the rock were all activated. Su Ming immediately noticed that even if someone else activated the altars, as long as he was nearby, he could absorb the fragrance that spread out.

While Su Ming absorbed the fragrance from the twenty altars, his hair moved without wind. His level of cultivation instantly broke through the wall to the next level, and the fourth overlapping Dao Spirit in his third eye completely manifested!

It was no longer blurry or transparent, but a completely corporeal entity, just like the other three Dao Spirits. At the instant that happened, it merged with Su Ming’s other three Dao Spirits, and at that moment, he finally reached a breakthrough in his level of cultivation, and from the third level of Dao Spirit Realm, he reached the fourth level of Dao Spirit Realm!

The increase in the number of Dao Spirits caused Su Ming’s cultivation base to increase exponentially, and a piercing glare shone in his eyes. Previously, when he wanted to kill a Dao Paragon, he would have to get hurt during the process. If he did not have the white dogs by his side either, it would have been very difficult for him to absorb a Dao Paragon.

Yet right then, if he had enough time, even without the white dogs around, Su Ming could go and absorb a Dao Paragon.

His cultivation base erupted with a bang, and the whirlwind it formed swept out in every direction before heading to the nine heavens. A brilliant glare shone in Su Ming’s eyes.

Once he reached the fourth level of Dao Spirit Realm, not only did the Feng Shui compass’ speed increase, he could also make the Space Whip erupt with an even greater power, which almost closed the gap in strength between him and Dao Paragons!

“There are nine echelons of sky in the second layer, and we are already in the third echelon. The sect master should be above us. We have to make haste and get there!”

When Dao Han’s voice echoed in the air, it reached the ears of all the cultivators around him. After hearing them, the eyes of the ten thousand something disciples filled with fire and madness.

If there were only one or two people involved in a battle, it would cause them to be nervous. If there were ten or eight people involved, they would search for a way to numb themselves to the feeling of anxiety and uneasiness. If there were one hundred people involved, they would become completely numb. But if there were thousands or tens of thousands of people involved, they would snap out of that apathy, and it would turn into excitement and hot-bloodedness.

That was the case for the cultivators from Seven Moons Sect at that moment. If they could continue winning without stop, their hot-bloodedness would boil even further in their bodies.

When Dao Han’s voice echoed in the air, he heard the ten thousand something cultivators in the area roar at the same time.

“Kill them!”

Dao Han did not say more and swiftly flew up. The ten thousand something cultivators flew together with him to charge upwards. Su Ming too moved after them. When the Feng Shui compass beneath his feet brought him up, the three white dogs followed him and charged upwards as well.

They rushed forward, and wherever they went, as long as the opponents were less than one thousand, be they from One Dao Sect or Asura Clan, once they saw the cultivators from Seven Moons Sect, their faces would immediately change, and they would avoid them.

Su Ming could not pay attention to Asura Clan, but he was determined to vanquish One Dao Sect, and his determination grew stronger when the final white dog returned. With the four of them, while Su Ming was not invincible in the second layer, he was strong enough to pose a great threat to whoever decided to stand against him.
