# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1443

Chapter 1443: Shocking Dao Paragons

Under Dao Han and Xu Zhong Fan’s lead, the ten thousand something Seven Moons Sect cultivators charged above. Wherever they went, there would be endless slaughter. Booming sounds rose up, causing the world to seem to be under the plague of powerful tremors.

Then, a huge stone platform appeared above their heads. It was one million feet tall, and there were tens of thousands of cultivators on it, fighting against each other. They were composed of Asura Clan, One Dao Sect, and the army of cultivators led by Seven Moons Sect’s great sect elders.

However, it was clear that Seven Moons Sect was at a disadvantage. They were being forced back bit by bit, causing the battlefield on the stone platform to turn into a warzone primarily for One Dao Sect and Asura Clan to fight against each other.

When Dao Han brought his ten thousand something cultivators to the area, they immediately attracted the attention of the other cultivators on the platform. Then, as those gazes were directed at them, the cultivators from Seven Moons Sect immediately cheered with their spirits rekindled.

“Kill them!” One Dao Sect roared, and Asura Clan too had clearly made their decision just then.

They immediately stopped fighting against One Dao Sect and charged towards the cultivators from Seven Moons Sect. It was obvious that the two wanted to first suppress those from Seven Moons Sect.

After all, if they were to assess the situation based on who had more advantages, then Gu Tai, with his Seven Moons Sect, had some advantages in hand while he was in the second layer within the shattered dimension.

The instant the three sides engaged in a chaotic battle and the sounds of battle rose up, Dao Han’s eyes shone. He flew out and delivered a message into Su Ming’s heart.

“This is the sixth echelon. Above us is the seventh, eighth, and ninth echelons. Each echelon has a platform larger than the previous one. The sect master is somewhere there. I don’t know exactly in which echelon he is located, but we will stop the others in this place. You… have to go there quickly!”

When Dao Han finished speaking, he brought the cultivators from Seven Moons Sect to charge into the armies formed by One Dao Sect and Asura Clan. Right after, booming sounds surged into the sky.

Su Ming lifted his head and cast a glance at the area above him. Through the endless space, he could vaguely see an even larger platform above him, but it was quite far away from him. If he wanted to go there, he would need some time.

Without any hesitation, he moved, and instantly brought the four white dogs with him to charge towards the seventh echelon, but right when Su Ming flew out, two people flew out simultaneously from Asura Clan and One Dao Sect. In the blink of an eye, they closed in on Su Ming. One of them was a man and the other woman, and they were both Dao Paragons.

Once they flew out, the sky howled, and they rushed up from the ground like two shooting stars going against gravity to crash into space. They were so quick that the moment they approached, they had already brought forth their cultivation bases and divine abilities.

The Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect was an old man, and his expression was dark and sinister. When he attacked, the area around him glittered with what looked like stars, as if a sky had appeared out of nowhere around him. Every single one of the stars were refined by his divine ability.

The woman from Asura Clan appeared to only be twenty years old, but the cold glare in her eyes, and the feeling of age about her made it clear that she was an old monster as well. The moment she flew out, she swung her hand, and a string of bells appeared on her wrist. The sound of them echoed clearly in the air.

Immediately, countless phoenixes the color of rainbows surrounded her, as if they had been led out of the void. Then, with piercing shrieks, they charged towards Su Ming.

A freezing glare shone in Su Ming’s eyes. Immediately, two of the four white dogs charged towards the woman from Asura Clan. The eyes of the other two shone with fierce glares, and they instantly closed in on the incoming old man from One Dao Sect. Booming sounds immediately shook the sky and earth, and those sounds turned into waves of impact that pushed out in every direction, as if there was a violent gust of wind howling in the area.

The pupils of the old man from One Dao Sect shrank, but he was not the first one to be shocked by the white dogs beside Su Ming. While he retreated swiftly, Su Ming appeared behind him with the Feng Shui compass beneath him.

When he lifted his right hand, he pushed his palm flat against the old man, who turned around swiftly. Killing intent shone in his eyes, and he brought his left hand up as well. Immediately, countless stars manifested in front of him and charged towards Su Ming.

Booming sounds rose once more at an astonishing volume. Blood trickled out of the corners of Su Ming’s mouth, but he did not retreat. Instead, he moved forward. As for the old man from One Dao Sect, he had a hint of shock appear on his face. He knew clearly that he had lost about one-tenth of his cultivation base in that attack just then, but the cultivation base he lost did not scatter into the air. It had instead been absorbed by the third prince.

This event immediately caused him to become wary. When he saw that Su Ming had drawn close to him without caring about his own injuries, the old man’s eyes shrank. He was just about to fall back, but the two white dogs had closed in on him from the sides.

Another astonishing bang shot up then, and ripples distorted the air. With shock in his eyes, the old man coughed up a mouthful of blood and tumbled back swiftly. Behind him was Su Ming, chasing after him with an aloof expression.

The old man’s heart filled with shock once more. The exchange of blows just then had allowed him to notice that about two-tenths of his cultivation base had been sucked out. If he added what he lost earlier, he had already lost three-tenths of his cultivation base.

Because of that, shock and terror showed up on his face when he saw Su Ming draw close to him. At that moment, he no longer had the leisure to care about his status and immediately fell back.

Hence, to others, it looked as if the old man was terrified of Su Ming and was hastily retreating. It was immediately noticed by the woman from Asura Clan, and grave look appeared on her face. If something abnormal occurred, then there had to be something wrong. If a Dao Paragon was pursued by a cultivator in Dao Spirit Realm, there was definitely something wrong, because this matter was simply too inconceivable and beyond comprehension!

Su Ming cast a cold glance at the swiftly fleeing old man. When he shifted his gaze to direct his attention to the woman from Asura Clan, who had witnessed the entire affair, she instinctively took a few steps back. Even though she was a Dao Paragon, when Su Ming looked at her, she remembered the shocked expression on the face of the old man from One Dao Sec.

Su Ming did not continue chasing after the old man. When he looked away, he brought the four white dogs to his side and charged upwards. Right then, no one dared to stop him. A strange atmosphere immediately filled the battlefield, because all the cultivators had seen Su Ming chase down the Dao Paragon from One Dao Sect.

The woman from Asura Clan did not try to stop him from leaving. As for the old man from One Dao Sect, he had already retreated ten thousand feet away from where he had previously been. His face was pale and his expression sullen. However, he could only watch Su Ming leave into the distance. Only when he saw Su Ming leave the area did he let out a sigh of relief in his heart.

While the old man felt aggrieved, when he remembered Su Ming’s terrifying divine ability, he immediately made his decision to never easily provoke the third prince if he ran into him in the future.

‘This person… is too strange. Those three-tenths of power I lost did not just disappear, but were completely absorbed. I will need to spend at least one thousand years before I can replenish them.’

The old man felt slightly bitter in his heart, but that bitterness quickly turned into a thought that shocked him.

With the four white dogs in tow, Su Ming charged upwards in a long arc. When the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn had passed, he saw the huge platform belonging to the seventh echelon above him.

There were also tens of thousands of cultivators on that platform. They were fighting against each other and preventing all the people from the other party from rising into the sky, to where the eighth echelon was.

The instant Su Ming appeared, some cultivators immediately saw him. They threw multiple divine abilities at him, and the four white dogs surrounded him, creating a layer of white light that caught all the divine abilities. When booming sounds shot up, Su Ming leapt up with not a single hair on his person harmed. He did not immediately head to the eighth echelon above him, but instead, swept through the place, spilling blood all over the ground.

He only killed cultivators from One Dao Sect. As for Asura Clan, unless they took the initiative and attacked him, Su Ming did not even spare them a single glance. With the four white dogs surrounding him, he moved through the place with the ease of a hot knife slicing through butter. All the life force and cultivation base from the people he killed were absorbed by the Brand on his right hand.

The Space Whip howled and let out loud bangs around Su Ming. Every single time Su Ming cracked the whip, all the cultivators around him would fall into a daze as if they had lost their souls, which allowed Su Ming to charge through at a faster speed.

He continued doing so until a gaze that was as electrifying as lightning landed on his person from the crowd in the distance. Su Ming came to a swift halt upon feeling it and released his grip on One Dao Sect cultivator’s neck. He did not pay any attention to the now mummified corpse collapsing to the ground, but turned his head around to look towards the spot where the gaze came from—the battlefield where tens of thousands of cultivators were fighting.

He saw a young man with a handsome face dressed in a huge yellow robe. While standing there, he was protected by other cultivators, but in his right hand, he held a helmet with two ferocious horns. His long hair fluttered in the wind when his gaze met Su Ming’s on the battlefield.

“Brother!” The young man had a smile on his face. When he spoke faintly, his voice landed in the battlefield and traveled to Su Ming’s ear.

Su Ming’s expression remained the same. The second prince had yet to become a Dao Paragon, but he was already at the fifth level of Dao Spirit Realm. He was only a step away from becoming a Dao Paragon, but that one step was definitely not easy to take, which was why the Phala was incredibly important to him.

“It’s been many years since we last met, my dear brother,” the young man in the huge yellow robe said in a murmur, and the four old men by his side instantly cast their gazes on Su Ming.

Those four old men were all Dao Paragons!

“Our eldest brother is in the eighth echelon, based on the original plan, I was supposed to let you head to the eighth echelon, but since you and I met in this place… Once I saw you, I suddenly changed my mind. What say you… to a fight between us?”

A dark light shone in the young man’s left eye, but his right eye was murky as if there was a vortex contained in it. When he looked at Su Ming, his words echoed in the battlefield, and immediately, the cultivators between the two of them were all pushed away by a force they could not fight against.

Immediately, a path was cleared between the two princes.
