# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1453

Chapter 1453: Indestructible Will

The instant the second prince drew close, Su Ming opened his eyes and quickly stood up. Without any hesitation, he lifted his right hand and pointed at the incoming second prince.

With it, a wave of impact immediately rose in the space between the two of them. When faced with it, madness appeared on the second prince’s face. He instantly moved back, while Su Ming took a step forward. This time, he no longer used a finger to attack, but his palm instead.

When his palm landed against the second prince’s body, the pain formed by the rumbles in Su Ming’s body spilled out of him in violent waves. They instantly hit the second prince’s body, and an even more astonishing roar erupted in the air.

The second prince tumbled back again and coughed up a mouthful of blood before looking at Su Ming in shock. Su Ming shuddered, and blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth as well, but a brilliant light shone in his eyes. He could clearly sense that the intense pain in his body had lessened a little.

Su Ming did not say another word. At the instant the second prince moved back, Su Ming rushed forth again. This time, he threw a punch. When it landed, the second prince let out a cry. He lifted his hands and pushed them swiftly forward. A shadow about one thousand feet tall immediately appeared behind him. That shadow was green, and it looked like a malicious ghost. When it roared ferociously, it shot through the second prince and charged towards Su Ming.

“Asura Ghost Dao!”

When the second prince’s voice echoed in the air, the one thousand feet malicious ghost came into contact with Su Ming. Loud rumbles resounded through the air, and Su Ming coughed up a huge mouthful of blood while falling back.

The originally illusory fifth overlapping Dao Spirit in his third eye… manifested completely at that moment, then turned into a complete Dao Spirit, which made Su Ming’s level of cultivation reach a breakthrough, and he truly reached the fifth level of Dao Spirit Realm!

With just one more step, he could cross over Dao Spirit Realm… and become a Dao Paragon!

“This is impossible! It’s impossible!” Disbelief appeared on the second prince’s face, and his face contorted slightly. His crazed look became even more pronounced.

“It’s impossible! You can’t possible absorb the Phala so quickly! Since ancient times, even the person who managed to absorb the Phala in the shortest amount of time took three days to do so! It’s impossible for you to use such a short amount of time to absorb it completely!”

While roaring, the second prince charged forth again. This time, when he drew close to Su Ming, his body grew again. His height increased from two hundred feet to three hundred feet, and more bone spurs appeared on his body. His power rose swiftly, and it grew to be infinitesimally close to that of a Dao Paragon.

Su Ming lifted his head swiftly and wiped off the blood at the corners of his mouth. Powerful fighting spirit shone in his eyes. At that moment, the pain in his body had already largely dissipated, but some of it still remained. Because of it, his fighting spirit only became stronger.

“The word impossible… has never existed in this vast universe.”

When Su Ming said those words coldly, he jumped up and charged to the second prince. He did not use any divine abilities, only the simplest, most direct method to make the intense pain spill out from his body.

The two of them instantly drew closer to each other on the tree crown. At the instant booming sounds surged into the sky, the child’s voice from the Tree of Dao Verification echoed in the air again, and this time, it was filled with determination.

“I… want to go home!”

When the voice reached a deafening degree, the two hands formed by the countless branches of the Tree of Dao Verification tore at the sky again.

With it, the crumbling sky rumbled… and a huge crack was forcefully ripped open. Shattering with the sky were the numerous illusory nets, which created a dark line which looked like a scar within the crack.

That scar was like the entrance to another world, something that had been sealed up a long time ago!

The dark entrance was so big that it seemed boundless. Su Ming could only imagine what astonishing power had been necessary to seal up such a tear in the sky, though he could see a gigantic talisman floating in the air!

The paper was crimson in color, and it had a big mark. Right then, it was flashing. If anyone took a closer look, they would be able to tell that the lines that seemed like the stitches which formed the seal on the entrance to the other world and kept it closed had spread out through the talisman.

If the talisman was taken down, the sealed entrance would open, and then… the once glorious world could be seen again!

While the world rumbled, the sky was torn, the edges of the crack continued collapsing, and the ground shattered completely. Su Ming and the second prince fell back while the rumbling sounds continued echoing in the air.

Su Ming coughed up blood, then threw his head back and laughed loudly. An illusory figure appeared clearly around the five overlapping Dao Spirits in his third eye. It was… the embryo of his sixth Dao Spirit!

Once it formed and gained full corporeal form, Su Ming would have six overlapping Dao Spirits, and when they merged together… he would reach Dao Immortal Realm!

The second prince’s expression had already changed, but the indignant look in his eyes showed that he no longer cared about anything else. As he shouted, he brought his right hand up, and with a swing, a chest plate immediately appeared on his body, then in the blink of an eye, he was equipped in a full set of armor.

At the same time, his body grew again. This time, he shot up to five hundred feet, causing his cultivation base to grow at an explosive rate, and it allowed him to gain the power of a Dao Paragon.

“Today, no matter what price I have to pay, I will seize the Phala that belongs to me!”

As the second prince roared, a vortex appeared in his right hand. That vortex was weakened quite considerably, as if there was a will that was about to break free from it.

“Asura Disaster, Dao of Reincarnation, DIE!” the second prince growled.

Black fog appeared around him, then surged into the sky and charged towards Su Ming. The black fog formed a huge vortex that rotated while rumbling as if it represented the cycles of life and death.

And right then, the second prince’s huge body was like a malicious ghost in the black fog. It was an Art from Asura Clan which verified the path of Asura using ghosts!

The second prince knew that his time was limited. The headless figure helped him withstand the mighty pressure from the Tree of Dao Verification, but it could not do so for a long period of time. Once the headless man could no longer withstand the pressure, it would become difficult for the second prince to fight against Su Ming on the tree crown.

That was why when he attacked next, he brought out his full power.

Su Ming’s eyes shone. The pain in his body had already lessened by quite a considerable amount and was now barely noticeable. A normal venting of his power was no longer sufficient for him to get rid of the rest of the pain. He lifted his right hand swiftly, and a huge axe appeared in his hand.

Su Ming sucked in a deep breath. At the instant the second prince drew close, the axe fell, and the last bit of pain in his body surged into his axe-wielding arm, then spilled out of him!

The world rumbled, and loud bangs resounded in the air. The second prince let out a shrill scream of pain. His left arm was detached from his body, and when he fell back, the vortex in his right eye crumbled. Di Tian, whom he had suppressed within it, then replaced his entire right eye at that moment!

With just one glance, he saw Su Ming.

Su Ming was tumbling back and coughing up a few mouthfuls of blood. His chest had sunk inwards, but despite his lungs being filled with blood, his laughter echoed in the air. His body was continuously recovering. The sixth Dao Spirit in his third eye had manifested, and a mighty power belonging to his cultivation base rose into the air with a bang.

“Six Dao Spirits… merge together and reach Dao Immortal Realm!”

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled, and at the instant he spoke, the Tree of Dao Verification started trembling violently.

“Home… Where… is my home?”

The tree jolted, and the vast power that it had gathered together instantly erupted from the two hands of the Tree of Dao Verification and charged towards the talisman covering the scar in an aim to tear it off.

The entire world seemed to have fallen silent at that moment. When the hands grabbed the talisman, the Tree of Dao Verification’s large body flew up a little, but when its hands touched the talisman and tried to tear it off, the mark on the talisman suddenly shone nine times. Each time it shone, a black bolt of lightning would descend with a roar. Every one of them had an indescribable power, which was… enough to destroy a Great Dao Paragon!

The nine black bolts of lightning all landed on the ancient Tree of Dao Verification, which made it show signs of falling apart, but it was nothing. Once the nine bolts of lightning descended, the air in front of the talisman covering the scar distorted to show a blurry figure.

That figure was dressed in a wide black robe. There was no emotion on its face, but it was staring coldly at the Tree of Dao Verification beneath it.

“Punishment!” the man said flatly.

He lifted his right hand and pushed downwards, in the direction of the Tree of Dao Verification. With it, rumbling sounds came from the Tree of Dao Verification without stop. The lifted hands broke to pieces and crumbled with a bang.

“It’s you! You destroyed my homeland! It’s you!”

There was a hitch in the child’s voice then, suggesting that he was crying. There was also anger there too. When it echoed in the air, a figure appeared on the Tree of Dao Verification’s crown. It was a boy of about five or six years old.

Lin Dong Dong, who was searching for the exit out of the third layer, jolted when he saw the black-robed man in the sky. Disbelief showed up on his face.

‘The great Emperor… This is… This is not the Emperor’s real body. It is a small part of his indestructible will left behind in this place. It was his final method to suppress the Tree of Dao Verification!

‘Even though it’s just an indestructible will, it still has a part of the Emperor’s power…’

Excitement appeared on Lin Dong Dong’s face. He felt that he had seen the road to return to Ancient Zang. As long as the Tree of Dao Verification was suppressed again, then with Lin Dong Dong’s level of cultivation, he might need to spend ten thousand years to do it, but he was still rather confident that he could open a crack in the dimension to go back to Ancient Zang.
