# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1467

Chapter 1467: Ancient Zang Rules

Su Ming’s expression remained calm. When he came to One Dao Sect, he did not intend to continue hiding his identity. It was nothing to him even if he was recognized. The cultivators there were already meaningless to him.

Be it the three Great Dao Paragons or the other cultivators, all of them were just pieces in his process to Possess Xuan Zang. But… that process was too real, so real that even if Su Ming understood everything, he still came to One Dao Sect to kill.

Even though he knew that everything did not exist, he was persistent. In truth, he could just use the epiphany he had gained from Lin Dong Dong. It allowed him to seem separated from the space of the world. His existence could become something without corporeal form, so all divine abilities would seep through his body.

However, Su Ming did not choose to do that. He chose to truly attack. It was all… because of Seven Moons Sect. Be it Lan Lan, Gu Tai, or Xu Zhong Fan, who had been really kind to Su Ming, they had appeared in his life, and even if they had departed from his side, they still left behind different tracks in his life.

It was just as if how destiny would determine who would walk into a person’s life, but the people themselves would have to decide who would stay.

Some people were bound to accompany each other for life, and some were bound to just leave a mark in another person’s life…

Those marks could be deep or shallow. The deep marks would be remembered for life, and the shallow ones… would just be brief, unmemorable guests in a person’s life.

“Lin Dong Dong… is doing well. He’s living in his own world.”

When Su Ming said those words faintly, his eyes shone with an aloof glare. He took a step forward.

He was an eighth level Great Dao Paragon, but the depth of his cultivation base had long since surpassed what that Realm pertained, which was why he was the strongest Great Dao Paragon… and also the strongest among all below ninth level Dao Gods.

The only thing regrettable about the situation was that his great reputation was still unknown to many people, but he could already foresee that once he left One Dao Sect and everyone heard about the things that happened in One Dao Sect, his name… would become the center of attention in all of Ancient Zang!

The moment Su Ming moved forward, Chi Yang, Sen Mu, and Bai Lu took a step forward as well. Their expressions were different, but the grave look in their eyes was the same. The more they came to understand Su Ming’s power, the greater the pressure they felt.

He was the strongest Great Dao Paragon. The power that he could bring forth with the might of his cultivation base was a force that stood at the peak of all others and would not disappear quickly. Su Ming could remain at the peak of his condition for a long time, and even if both sides suffered the same injuries, their effect on him would be drastically reduced, while the three of them could not claim the same.

At the instant Su Ming’s foot landed, Sen Mu lifted his right hand. White light appeared on his hand, and white snow showed up before him. It swiftly gathered into a block of ice that instantly froze the entire area.

Immediately after, Chi Yang formed a seal with his hands and let out a breath that turned into a sun. It exuded incredible heat that formed a formation of ice and fire with Sen Mu’s ice, which then charged at Su Ming with a force that covered the sky and earth.

As for Bai Lu, he did not participate in the attack. Instead, he swung his arms outwards, and his sleeves immediately grew exponentially longer, until they covered the entire area as if he wanted to cover the sky and the moon.

Two were in charge of attack, and one sealed the area and set up defenses. Each of the three Great Dao Paragons of One Dao Sect chose the area in which they performed the best.

Su Ming’s expression did not change much in the face of the trio’s combined attack. It was something he hoped would happen, since it would mean that he could spare the effort of killing them one by one. He could just… kill of them in one go.

Su Ming let out a cold snort, then brought his right hand up. Without any hesitation, he pushed it down right after. With it, his four great wills erupted from his body, and the aura that he brought forth increased by leaps and bounds. It was as if his level of cultivation had increased a little!

Wills always had the capability to instantly increase the power of a person’s cultivation base. This did not mean that they would help them increase one level in Dao Divinity Realm, but that they were a form of stimulation and release, just like how they had helped Su Ming stand up against a Dao Paragon while he was still in Dao Spirit Realm, albeit with great difficulty. The four great wills from Harmonious Morus Alba also allowed him to kill all cultivators in the first or second level of Dao Divinity Realm in one shot.

At that moment, when they spread out, Su Ming’s long purple hair moved without wind. His robes fluttered, and when he pushed his right hand downwards, booming sounds immediately surged into the sky. The next instant, multiple cracks in space that seemed to be able to divide the world appeared around him. They connected together to form a ring, then spread out swiftly with loud bangs.

Wherever the ring went, space would shatter. One Dao Sect’s land trembled while the world rumbled. Then, it sank hundreds of feet downwards. As for the protective Rune the disciples of One Dao Sect had formed, a part of it immediately shattered, and a gap was formed. The sect elders of One Dao Sect coughed up blood, and some of the disciples screamed shrilly in pain. When the ground sank, their bodies and souls were destroyed because they could not withstand the force.

When the ground trembled, the expression of Sen Mu and the other two changed drastically at the same time. When the cracks in space surrounding Su Ming swept towards them, they crashed against their divine abilities.

Su Ming did not choose to dodge or retreat, but to fight against them head-on!

Booming sounds instantly echoed in the air, and when they reached a deafening degree, Sen Mu’s expression changed. He personally saw Su Ming being able to withstand the Art he used to freeze the area while using his own divine ability to fight against his Art.

Then, Sen Mu had to withstand the force of that Art. The moment he coughed up blood, he sensed a vast amount of power that could not be described with words crash into his body, and he could not help but move back.

Chi Yang also went through the same thing. He personally saw the sun he manifested using his divine ability exude his power of a Great Dao Paragon when it crashed against Su Ming’s divine ability, and he too, had to withstand Su Ming’s divine ability. When he coughed up a mouthful of blood, he fell back, unable to control himself.

The last was Bai Lu. He did not launch any direct attacks, but the seals and protection he set up showed faint signs of intending to suppress the ripples of Su Ming’s power, and at that moment, all of them crumbled to pieces.

As they fell back, the three Great Dao Paragons of One Dao Sect all looked at Su Ming in shock, because he could be said to have completely withstood their divine abilities… but not a single change in emotion could be detected on his face.

“Strongest Great Dao Paragon, the fourth strongest in Ancient Zang. As expected, he isn’t someone we can handle…” When Bai Lu moved back, a dispirited look appeared on his face. He stared at Su Ming, and there was a weary tone in his voice.

“We aren’t your opponents, but even if you came for Seven Moons Sect and can suppress the three of us with just your power alone… you can’t kill us.

“This is a rule set by the Emperor of Ancient Zang. Deaths will not occur in fights among Great Dao Paragons. All those who are yet to become Dao Gods cannot break this rule.”

Bai Lu’s weary voice sounded calm while Sen Mu and Chi Yang did not say a single word. At that moment, when they moved back, while their gazes when they looked at Su Ming were grim, they did not hold any sort of great fear due to the threat of death.

“Seven Moons Sect went seeking their own trouble, and we were merciful by not destroying all of them. Third prince, you have a great level of cultivation, so you can go on ahead and kill all the disciples in One Dao Sect. It doesn’t matter to us even if you kill them all.

“With the three of us still here, One Dao Sect will remain for all eternity. IT has inherited the Emperor of Ancient Zang’s kismet, and before long, it will prosper even greater than before,” Chi Yang said slowly, completely aloof to the cultivators’ below survival.

“The Emperor of Ancient Zang’s rule, huh?” Su Ming lowered his head and looked at his right hand. When he lifted his head, a freezing glare shone in his eyes, and he instantly moved in front of Chi Yang.

“Well then, I insist on testing whether this rule can be broken.”

As he spoke, Su Ming clenched his right fist while in front of Chi Yang. The four great wills swiftly gathered on him, and he threw a punch.

Chi Yang’s pupils shrank, but a cold sneer appeared on his face. When he lifted his right hand, a sun showed up on his palm. Eight more suns manifested alongside it and charged at Su Ming.

Booming sounds shook the sky and earth, but Su Ming did not dodge. He simply let the nine suns approach him. When they landed on his body, his right fist crashed into Chi Yang’s chest.

When his punch landed, blood trickled down the corners of Chi Yang’s mouth. He was forced backwards.

Su Ming’s expression was as calm as ever, but his killing intent grew stronger. He instantly charged after Chi Yang. All along the way, booming sounds rose continuously.

While Chi Yang was forced back nonstop, Bai Lu and Sen Mu chased after them in silence. Just as they were about to attack, Chi Yang’s laughter echoed in One Dao Sect.

“Did you sense the rule? As long as you haven’t become a ninth level Dao God, you cannot kill Great Dao Paragons!”

While Chi Yang was forced back, his robes were drenched in blood, but his life force was still as abundant as ever and did not show any signs of being extinguished. After seeing that, Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. He had indeed sensed a restrictive power descend from the world and weaken his divine abilities and Arts to a point that they could not kill Chi Yang when they landed on him.

“God of Berserkers Transformation!”

The killing intent in Su Ming’s eyes remained the same. The moment he spoke, his body let out a bang and instantly grew. His aura grew stronger, gathering together the power of his God of Berserkers Transformation and his four great wills, then fusing with his cultivation base and his eight Great Dao Paragons.

All that power was then channeled to Su Ming’s right index finger, and with a power that shook the sky and earth while intending to destroy all manner of being, it charged at the laughing Chi Yang.

Chi Yang did not even bother to dodge. He just looked at Su Ming with a fixed gaze. The strength of that one finger caused him to feel apprehensive. In fact, he could even feel the shadow of death looming over him, but his expression instantly turned ferocious, and contempt appeared on his face. He was mocking Su Ming’s act of wanting to kill him and laughing at him because it was only a joke.

So what if Su Ming’s strongest force was contained in that finger? With the rule around, Chi Yang was bound to not die!

Piercing howls echoed in his ears when Su Ming’s right index finger tore through space. At the instant it closed in on the center of Chi Yang’s brow… an endless net appeared in front of it!

That net was practically invisible, and it was between Su Ming’s finger and Chi Yang, serving as a block.
