# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1469

Chapter 1469: The God of Berserkers Rises in Ancient Zang

There was no longer any light in Chi Yang’s eyes. As a Great Dao Paragon of One Dao Sect, a powerful warrior who had inherited the Dao of Kismet, and someone who could be said to stand among the most powerful of Ancient Zang, he had never thought there would come a day when he would die.

He had inherited the Art of Kismet, and with how great One Dao Sect’s kismet was, the omen of death should have never appeared in his destiny, which was why while Chi Yang did pay attention to Su Ming’s appearance, he did not feel any sort of threat to his own life.

He believed in kismet and destiny. He also believed that kismet and the Emperor of Ancient Zang’s rule was something no one could break. He thus did not believe that he was in danger of dying

His confidence ended the moment Su Ming used his right index finger to break the Emperor of Ancient Zang’s rule, tore the semi-transparent net, and tapped the center of Chi Yang’s brow.

His finger had torn space in the end and ignored the rule as if it moved through the passage of time to press down between Chi Yang’s eyebrows. At that moment, the branches of the Tree of Dao Verification burrowed deep into his body through Su Ming’s finger before instantly spreading out. When Su Ming lifted his right index finger, while Chi Yang’s body remained the same as it did before, in truth, his insides had been replaced by countless branches, and his soul vanished.

One Great Dao Paragon died, and his body plunged to the ground. His eyes were lustreless, but his indignation seemed to be buried deep in his lifeless pupils. There was also great disbelief there too.

He was in shock because since ancient times, he was the first Great Dao Paragon who did not die by the hands of a ninth level Dao God. His death broke the rules in Ancient Zang, and in Sen Mu as well as Bai Lu’s eyes, Su Ming had even affected Ancient Zang’s kismet.

Sen Mu and Bai Lu’s hearts roared, and their expressions changed when they saw Chi Yang fall. Their pupils shrank, and they looked at Su Ming with an even graver expressions than before.

Su Ming remained calm. When he turned around, his cold and biting gaze landed on Bai Lu.

“The next is you.”

When he said those words, Bai Lu’s heart let out a thump. A feeling of death he had never experienced before instantly rose in his heart.

Bai Lu moved back without hesitation. He lifted his right hand, swung it before him, and a huge war drum appeared before him.

That war drum was purplish black. The moment it appeared, it exuded an ancient and astonishing presence. An oppressive force that seemed to press down on the world immediately filled One Dao Sect’s world.

With a nervous tint to his voice, Bai Lu instantly called out to Sen Mu. “Sen Mu, if we don’t attack at full force, then disaster will fall upon us today!”

Right at the moment his voice appeared, Bai Lu lifted his right hand and punched the huge war drum without any hesitation. Booming sounds instantly spread out with loud rumbles while shaking the sky and the earth.

Patches of red instantly appeared on the faces of the living One Dao Sect disciples underneath, and they sat down simultaneously. No matter what level of cultivation they possessed, blood-red threads appeared at the top of their skulls!

That was Bai Lu’s true divine ability. His Art could go through various changes, but the quintessence of it was still kismet. When he cast it, he could use the origin kismet within all of the cultivators in One Dao Sect. The red threads were akin to their fates. At that moment, they filled the air, and when Bai Lu formed seals with his hands before pointing at them, they gathered together to turn into a blood-red figure.

Waves of terrifying power spread out of that figure, and it was like Bai Lu’s clone, one that he could control at will. At that moment, the figure lifted its head swiftly. Blood-red light shone far and wide from its body, and it turned into a blood-red long arc that charged at Su Ming.

At the same time, a resolute look appeared in Sen Mu’s eyes. A feeling of danger had already risen in his heart when he saw Chi Yang perish, and it could be said that he was faced with a life and death situation at that moment. If he and Bai Lu could not fend against Su Ming, then on that day, both of them would surely end up the same way as Chi Yang.

The power they had accumulated for many years would simply disappear. Their might as Great Dao Paragons would no longer exist. Their lives would also fade away, and they would no longer be present in the world.

That sort of thing was something Sen Mu could not accept. The moment the blood-red figure charged at Su Ming, Sen Mu sucked in a deep breath, lifted his right hand, and slapped his palm against his forehead.

“The power I accumulated in the dozens of aeons I practiced cultivation, I will turn it into one hundred cycles of life and death… Open… the power of thirty cycles!”

When Sen Mu’s voice resounded through the air, a loud bang rang out in his body, and twenty-nine illusory figures appeared around him.

Among them were men and women. Their faces might have been different, but cultivators who had become Almighties would be able to tell that their souls were the same. All of them were Sen Mu!

Over the countless years Sen Mu practiced cultivation, he had managed to create his own path based on his unique Dao of Kismet. It was… the path of reincarnation!

The one hundred cycles of life and death were all suppressed by his hand and turned into seals that bound his power. At that moment, he released three-tenths of the seals. He could not instantly release all of the seals, or else he would face a catastrophic risk of becoming deranged. He could only gradually release them to stay himself. Right then, releasing three-tenths of the seals at once was his limit.

Along with the original one, there were thirty bodies occupying the sky and earth, and their monstrous presence shook the world at that moment.

When Sen Mu moved, it was as if thirty people moved together. They instantly charged at Su Ming and surrounded him as if they were forming a Rune.

“You will have thirty cycles of life and death reversed upon you, and you will return to the past… End of All Ancientness!”

When Sen Mu spoke, it was as if there were thirty people speaking at the same time. Their voices gathered together, but not only did they not form a wave of sound, they even sounded like a murmur. The words formed a Rune that looked like a vortex leading people into the cycles of life and death.

Within that Rune was Su Ming along with the blood-red figure that charged towards him. There was also another blood-red figure formed using the kismet of three One Dao Sect disciples. It appeared swiftly while seemingly able to shift through space.

Su Ming watched all of that while remaining composed. His gaze was indifferent. When the Reincarnation Rune rotated and the blood-red figures closed in on him, he closed his eyes.

The next moment, the Berserkers’ land rose in Su Ming’s heart… along with his God of Berserkers’ song.

When he opened his eyes, Su Ming opened his mouth… and let out his God of Berserkers’ roar!

“ROAR!”

No words could describe that roar.

An astonishing presence filled Su Ming, and waves of ripples spread out from him. Once his roar reached its peak, the dimension started crumbling!

An illusory version… of the Berserkers’ land appeared behind Su Ming!
