# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1470

Chapter 1470: Bai Lu Dies

God of Berserkers’ roar!

The God of Berserkers walked on the Berserkers’ land. With a roar, the God of Berserkers could make the whole land tremble, and the one that tumbled out of Su Ming’s mouth was the strongest in existence. After all, Su Ming was not just the Fourth God of Berserkers, but also the strongest among all of them!

When the ripples spread out, the Berserkers’ world appeared behind Su Ming. That world might be a mere illusion, but it exuded thick waves of aura belonging to Berserkers. For an instant, it was as if the World of Berserkers had descended on Ancient Zang.

Its aura spread outwards in waves, and when Su Ming roared, it magnified the explosive sound. The blood-red figures formed by Bai Lu’s divine ability were the first to be affected. The moment they closed in on Su Ming, they were attacked by Su Ming’s God of Berserkers’ roar.

Loud booms shook the sky and the earth. Su Ming’s God of Berserkers’ roar had not just brought forth an illusory version of the Berserkers’ land, but also seemed to have called upon countless Berserkers’ souls on that indistinct Berserkers’ land. They roared together with their God of Berserkers.

One Dao Sect’s land crumbled. One of the three big statues in the distance cracked even more. In the blink of an eye, it shattered while the world roared, which left only two of the three statues that had stood tall in One Dao Sect for countless years!

When the statue shattered, the destruction on the ground had already spread out endlessly. Cracks also appeared in the air. It was as if the apocalypse had descended on One Dao Sect’s world.

While the world continued roaring, the blood-red figures fell apart before Su Ming as if a violent gust of wind had swept past them. Then, the Reincarnation Rune Sen Mu formed using thirty cycles of life and death disintegrated under the destruction brought forth by Su Ming’s roar.

From the distance, the space where Su Ming stood looked as if it had turned into a huge black hole. However, it was not a suction force that came out of that black hole, but a roar filled with an explosive might.

The moment it swept into every direction, Su Ming took a swift step forward. When his foot landed, he had already walked out of the roaring black hole. When he took his second step, he appeared right in front of Bai Lu, who was in the distance.

At the instant Su Ming showed up in front of him, Bai Lu’s expression changed. He lifted his right hand without any hesitation, then pushed his palm against the huge war drum. Booming sounds echoed in the air, and more blood threads instantly grew out of the top of the skulls of the One Dao Sect disciples below them.

“All Kismet Dao!”

Bai Lu’s growl seemed to contain some form of law. The moment his voice traveled into the air, the blood threads below him rose into the air and instantly appeared around Su Ming. They swam about and swiftly connected together. From a distance, they looked like a chain.

Su Ming’s expression remained the same. He took three steps forward and directly touched the blood threads. When booming sounds rose into the air again, the blood threads crumbled, unable to hold Su Ming in the slightest. When he took his third step, he appeared less than one hundred feet away from the war drum where Bai Lu stood!

With just three steps, it was as if Su Ming had stepped through the entire stretch of heaven, and he was so fast that Sen Mu did not even have the time to draw close to him. The presence that appeared around Su Ming right then also seemed to have replaced the might of heaven, allowing him to become the world’s will and master. As he rose, his presence amazed the world!

Su Ming did not say anything. The moment he arrived one hundred feet away from the war drum where Bai Lu was, he lifted his right hand and pointed forward. With it, Su Ming’s four great wills, the entirety of his cultivation base, as well as the endless pool of power from the Tree of Dao Verification gathered on his finger.

It was the same action as when he had killed Chi Yang. At that moment, when he launched his attack, Bai Lu’s heart immediately roared. His pupils shrank, and the feeling that death was about to fall on his head instantly rose in his heart.

“Singular Kismet Dao!”

When Bai Lu’s pupils shrank, his hair moved without wind. He formed seals with his hands, then pushed them swiftly on the war drum. It immediately rotated in midair, then positioned itself vertically. Booming sounds rang out in the air. Ripples were formed and immediately gained a blood red hue, as if the entire world had turned into a sea of blood.

At the same time, Bai Lu’s voice echoed in the world again.

“All lives have sinned, and they should sink into the sea of blood. Those who cannot wash away the sin of murder should be buried in the sea of blood for all eternity, to be immersed in suffering, and never to escape!”

A strange light shone in Bai Lu’s eyes. After speaking, he clenched his right hand and punched the war drum. Numerous blood capillaries appeared in his eyes as if he had descended into madness.

“Shatter!”

The moment he said that one word, the war drum let out a bang, then shattered. As it crumbled to pieces, a drastic change immediately appeared in the sky. It turned blood red, and the ground vanished, turning into a sea of blood.

The sea of blood was boundless. As it tumbled about, it looked as if it wanted to devour the sky. The blood-red sky and sea instantly replaced the world and trapped Su Ming within it like a seal.

The sea of blood roared, bloody waves surged to the sky, and bloody rain poured down. Besides the color of the sky, the world seemed to be void of all other colors.

A whirlpool appeared on the surface of the sea as it roared. As it rotated rapidly, the entire sea rose rapidly, as if a large amount of mass was being added to it at that moment, causing the sea… to slowly approach the sky.

A vast power filled the world, and it fused into the whirlpool, the sky, and the sea of blood. During that moment, all of them seemed to want to gather together to charge at Su Ming and press down on him.

During that instant, not only did a whirlpool appear on the surface of the sea, a vortex had also appeared in the blood-red sky. Once the two vortices appeared, the sea and the sky were connected in a manner of a dragon sucking water from the sky. A typhoon was formed!

It roared, and as it rotated, it sucked up the sea of blood and countless drops of bloody rain. It replaced the sky and the sea of blood in the span of a few breaths and became a majestic sight. After that, it rushed to Su Ming with a momentum that could destroy all lives an loud booms.

Su Ming saw the typhoon that replaced the blood-red sky and connected the sea of blood beneath him to the sky, but his expression remained the same. He did not move back, but instead took a step forward and lifted his right hand to point at the sky. He then brought down his left hand to push down in the direction of the ground.

His eyes fell shut slightly as his long hair moved without wind. At that moment, endless blood was stirred up by the typhoon while it drew infinitesimally close to Su Ming with loud bangs. From a distance, the typhoon was so big that it looked like a giant of ancient times, and before it, Su Ming was as insignificant as an ant.

But the moment the typhoon struck Su Ming to devour him, Su Ming’s eyes flew open. He brought his right hand down and his left hand shot up. Both hands entered the huge typhoon that was right in front of Su Ming.

A brilliant spark shone in his eyes, and he tore through the typhoon as if he was tearing apart the world, space, and destiny. Booming sounds shook the sky and earth, and the huge typhoon connecting the sea and the sky… was completely ripped apart once Su Ming yanked at it.

When the typhoon was torn, the sky crumbled and the sea of blood also fell apart. The entire world broke down at the instant Su Ming tore through the typhoon!

When the world was destroyed and the color of blood faded away, Su Ming was still in One Dao Sect. Near him were the torn fragments of the war drum as well as Bai Lu, who was coughing up blood while retreating. A dark look shone in his eyes.

The divine ability forming the bloody world had come into being when the war drum shattered. Once the divine ability was destroyed, Su Ming took a step forward again without hesitation. His desire to kill Bai Lu had not diminished in the slightest. His body instantly moved through the area filled with the shattered war drum’s fragments, and when he appeared in front of Bai Lu, his right index finger charged to the center of the pale Bai Lu’s brow.

“One Dao Sect kismet, come to me!”

Bai Lu moved back swiftly and let out a shrill scream. He was in a life and death situation, and besides his own safety, he could really care less about anyone else’s life.

At the instant he said those words, Sen Mu, who was rushing to them, came to an abrupt halt. Grief appeared in his eyes, and he looked to the ground below him. He saw nearly three-tenths of the One Dao Sect disciples on the ground—tens of thousands of people—jolt. Their bodies immediately withered, and even thicker blood threads rose from the top of their skulls!

When the disciples died, a huge blood-red statue formed in front of Bai Lu. It stood between him and Su Ming as if it was a wall attempting to block the finger.

“Break!”

Su Ming’s expression was calm when he spoke. At the instant his right index finger touched the blood-red statue, it crumbled, but the next moment, another three-tenths of One Dao Sect’s disciples below withered. When they let out shrill screams of pain, a large amount of blood threads rose from them to form the second statue before Su Ming.

“Bai Lu, what are you doing?!” A blood-red glint shone in Sen Mu’s eyes, and he looked at Bai Lu swiftly.

“If I am here, then One Dao Sect will continue to exist. Dying for me is their destiny!”

Madness was on Bai Lu’s face. When his voice echoed in the air, no matter what levels of cultivation they possessed, the remaining One Dao Sect’s disciples on the ground all withered together. Their screams of pain shook the sky, and the third statue formed in front of Su Ming.

At the same time, with his hair a mess, Bai Lu roared. With the two statues serving as a barrier protecting him, he turned into fog as if he had no corporeal form and charged at Su Ming.

“You want to kill me? Then today… if you don’t die, I will perish!”

At the moment Bai Lu’s voice resounded through the air, his power erupted from him. The entire world looked as if it had become still at that moment, with only the booming sounds still remaining.

When his voice faded away and the world was no longer still, Su Ming’s right hand touched the second statue. Once it crumbled, his finger shot through the third statue… and touched air.

Fog gradually appeared at the spot where Su Ming touched. Naturally, it was Bai Lu. There was an unwillingness to admit defeat in his eyes, but at the center of his brow was Su Ming’s finger. It had already pierced him.
