# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1474

Chapter 1474: Thirty-Three Skies of Ancient Zang

“We’ve postponed this for two thousand years. Gu Hong, since your disciple is here, we will start now.”

At the instant the presence of the Sovereign of Ancient Zang reached a monstrous degree and all of Ancient Zang worshiped him, Tian Xiu Luo brought out a power that seemed to be able to seep through the world and crush all the cloudiness brought by the Sovereign of Ancient Zang. He stood on the third tower and seemed like an existence that was at the same level with the Sovereign of Ancient Zang.

“We don’t need to attack to verify our Boundless Dao Realms. If we attack, then Ancient Zang will no longer exist… We don’t need to talk about our Daos either. We are all incredibly confident in our Daos, so no matter how much we argue about it, there is no use to it.

“It’s just like how we have been arguing about our Daos during these past two thousand years.” Gu Hong’s gaze was calm when he looked at the other two people who stood at the peak with him.

“Tian Xiu Luo wants to prove that his Dao is the real Boundless Dao. Gu Di doesn’t need to take a direct approach to prove that his Dao is Boundless Dao, because his inheritance itself is the legacy of the Emperor of Ancient Zang’s Dao, and there is no need for us to discuss whether the Emperor of Ancient Zang’s Boundless Dao was real or fake.

“As for me, I do indeed want to know whether the Dao I have practiced all my life and whether the Realm I have reached is just a moon in the lake… or the real, shining moon in the sky.”

When the old man’s words echoed in the air, Su Ming stood by his side with a calm expression. He watched everything while knowing that it was a very rare chance for him to bear witness to such a fight.

The chance to witness the battle was equivalent to a serendipity for Su Ming.

Tian Xiu Luo was silent for a moment before a cold sneer appeared at the corners of his lips. There was no emotion in his voice when he spoke languidly.

“How are you going to prove it?”

The old man was silent for a moment before he spoke with a firm look on his face. “Before, you could make a choice, but you intentionally ignored it. Instead, you chose to win against me and the sovereign to prove that yours is the real Boundless Dao Realm. Tian Xiu Luo, there is no need for you to ask when you already know the answer.”

Right after he spoke, the Sovereign of Ancient Zang lifted his head. He looked at the old man for a moment before he suddenly laughed.

“Are you talking about Ancient Zang Skies?”

“Ancient Zang Skies…” Dark light shone in Xiu Luo’s eyes. After being silent for a moment, he swung his arm.

“Very well then. Out of the thirty-three Skies of Ancient Zang, the Emperor of Ancient Zang managed to cross thirty-two before reaching Boundless Dao Realm. It is said that the final sky cannot be reached unless someone has power surpassing that of Boundless Dao Realm. All those without the power of Boundless Dao Realm cannot step above thirty Skies… Ancient Zang Skies… since the both of you have already made your choice, I will step into that place with you.” As Tian Xiu Luo’s voice echoed in the air, his determination and resolution became extremely firm.

He had indeed intentionally ignored the existence of Ancient Zang Skies, because he wanted to win against Gu Di and Gu Hong to become the strongest in Ancient Zang and prove that his Dao was correct, but right then… he still chose to take the path… that could not be tread upon unless a person had truly reached Boundless Dao Realm.

That was not his first choice because he cared about losing… but right then, it was the only path available.

The old man lifted his right hand and seized the air in the direction of the sky. With it, the sky rumbled. As clouds tumbled about, they looked as if they had become raging waves. They instantly covered the expanse of the sky above Ancient Zang.

“Then I will use my own power to open up the sky!”

When the old man’s words echoed in the air, the sky roared, and it looked as if it was about to shatter among the tumbling clouds. As cracks filled it, it looked like it had been connected to an ancient world.

At the same time, Tian Xiu Luo’s voice also echoed in the air.

“Then I will open up the ground leading to the underworld.”

Tian Xiu Luo pushed down on the ground with his right hand. With it, the ground of Ancient Zang roared at once. Fog instantly rose, seeping out of the ground from every single part of the land. Contained in it were the thick waves of aura of death. It was the resentment that had gathered from the dead over countless years. During that moment, that resentment tumbled back and charged to the city, then to Tian Xiu Luo’s right hand.

The sovereign sighed softly while on the tower at the center. He lifted his hands in a manner as if he was pushing up the sky, then murmured.

“The origin of Ancient Zang has always been beyond the thirty-three Skies… With Ancient Zang’s kismet and my status as the Sovereign of Ancient Zang… I will now open the path to Ancient Zang’s heavens!”

When he said those words, he tore at the sky, and with it, the world rumbled. The loud, rumbling sounds traveled in every direction and shook the sky and earth.

At the instant the sky was torn, a huge vortex formed in the middle of the sky, and it began rotating. The clouds and fog that had appeared in the sky above the old man due to his doing instantly turned white and were swept into the vortex.

At the same time, the resentment on the ground charged into the sky as well. It immediately fused into the vortex and made it turn black. During that moment, only black and white seemed to remain in the entire world.

There was no sky, no earth, only the huge vortex that could not be described with words above the three of them and Su Ming, and it could be seen clearly when they lifted their heads. Half of the vortex was black, and the other half was white. When it rotated, it turned into something that resembled a huge Rune, but it was not a Rune… It was Ancient Zang’s sky!

Booming sounds spread out continuously into every direction. Tian Xiu Luo threw his head back and let out a shrill roar, then with one step, charged to the black and white vortex above him.

“I will be the first to step into Ancient Zang’s sky to verify my Boundless Dao Realm!” While his words were still echoing in the air, he turned into a long arc that approached the sky in the black and white vortex.

During that moment, be it the sovereign, the old man, or Su Ming, they were all staring fixedly at the black and white vortex as well as Tian Xiu Luo, who was within it.

“First layer!”

When Tian Xiu Luo’s voice rang out, he moved through the vortex and charged out of it. When loud, booming sounds shook the sky and reverberated through the air, Su Ming saw thirty-three layers of skies behind the black and white vortex, just like what its name suggested, or more accurately speaking, there were thirty-three vortices in the sky.

“Ninth layer!”

Tian Xiu Luo moved through the vortices like he was splitting apart bamboo with one swift stroke of a blade. As booming sounds continued echoing in the air, he moved through the vortices.

“Twentieth layer!”

His voice seemed to have come from the distance. In Su Ming’s eyes, his figure was already blurry, but he saw that Tian Xiu Luo’s speed had not diminished, but he had become even faster. There was determination about him, along with madness born from the desire and firm belief in his Boundless Dao Realm. The madness urged him forward to prove that his Boundless Dao Realm was correct.

“Twenty-third layer!”

When Tian Xiu Luo’s voice reached Su Ming’s ear again, a loud boom accompanied his words. It was formed when he shot through another vortex. Every single time that sound echoed in the air, it caused the world to shudder. It could be said that in all of Ancient Zang, only the three of them had the right to step into Ancient Zang Sky!

The other people did not even have the right to witness it. After all, at that moment, Ancient Zang was clouded. If it were not for the old man, it would have been difficult even for Su Ming to see Ancient Zang Sky.

The booming sounds became even louder, and Tian Xiu Luo’s voice reached them once again.

“Twenty-sixth layer!”

It was already difficult for Su Ming to see Tian Xiu Luo’s figure. All he could see before his eyes was just a muddled haze, but he did not give up. He sucked in a deep breath and circulated his cultivation base, then made it gather in his eyes. When his third eye opened, his eight overlapping Great Dao Paragons were all activated, but even so, he could only see a shadow.

However, as he kept his focus on the huge vortex, a surprised glint slowly appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. His breathing quickened slightly, and he slowly narrowed his eyes.

‘Why is this… Why is this vortex giving me a hint of familiarity? This familiarity… is… a presence…’

Su Ming’s breathing became quicker. He formed a vague answer in his heart, but he was a little uncertain about it.

“Twenty-ninth layer. Gu Hong, Gu Di, watch carefully and see whether I… can step into the thirtieth layer!”

When Tian Xiu Luo’s voice came out from the vortex, the old man and the Sovereign of Ancient Zang trained their gazes on the sky, with a level of attention that they had never paid to anything before.

Su Ming could not see much, only a shadow, but that shadow was enough for him to tell whether Tian Xiu Luo would succeed.

Booming sounds rang out madly at that moment. They appeared again and again, and each sound surged into the sky. It stirred up the vortex, throwing space into chaos. As the booming sounds continued, they grew to a deafening degree, but the old man sighed softly.

The Sovereign of Ancient Zang also moved his gaze away, but a resolute look appeared in his eyes.

“Impossible! I’ve already reached the peak of my Dao and the limit of my cultivation. I’ve come to the end of my road… so why… can’t I step into the thirtieth Sky?!”

A shrill roar rang out from the vortex. It was Tian Xiu Luo’s voice, and it had an unwillingness to give in as well as madness. The booming sounds became even louder as he continuously tried to step into the thirtieth Sky.

The loud noise lasted for seven days and seven nights. Tian Xiu Luo did not once stop trying to step into the thirtieth Sky. His shrill voice would occasionally carry a forlorn laughter filled with the unwillingness to give in, and Su Ming heard it very clearly.

On the eighth day, the booming sounds stopped. Tian Xiu Luo slowly descended from the huge black and white vortex. When he landed, his appearance was very different. A feeling of age filled his body, and his face was pale. When he appeared from the vortex in anguish, he looked at the old man.

“I have never been able to step into Boundless Dao Realm. Boundless Dao Realm… just what exactly is it?!”

The old man was silent for a while before he said softly, “All lives have an end, and if a person learns of what it means to reach boundlessness, then how many cycles of life and death they lead would end with them being in Boundless Dao Realm?”

When the old man spoke and Tian Xiu Luo descended, the Sovereign of Ancient Zang lifted his head.

“Since Ancient Zang Sky has already been activated… I will also try challenging it.”

His voice was calm. At the instant it traveled outwards, he lifted his right arm and swung it, then flew into the sky. When he did so, all the kismet of Ancient Zang flew up and surrounded him to make the area around him indistinct. Then, he charged to the black and white vortex.
