# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1209

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

While Su Ming and the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe were sitting beyond the whirlwind under Arid Triad’s gap in True Morning Dao World, Su Xuan Yi sat in front of an ancient carving in the palace floating in the galaxy within the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.

That carving was like a map covering the floor of the palace. It had nine intersecting regions. Right at the center was a round picture resembling a sun, and he was sitting on the picture of the sun.

His eyes were originally shut, but at that moment, he opened them. A hint of hesitation and a sullenness showed up in his eyes, along with skepticism and disbelief

“The connection between me and the will to make the Abyss grow in True Morning Dao World… has been broken…”

Su Xuan Yi’s expression grew dark. As he mumbled to himself, he lifted his right hand, then pointed at one of the nine regions on the map. The markings of that region immediately became a blur, as if a vortex had appeared that was about to form a new picture.

Yet soon, the vortex collapsed. The picture that was about to form was torn as well. Cracks immediately showed up on the region of that map as if it wanted to be separated from the carving.

‘Who was it that broke my will to make the Abyss grow? Who pulled it away from me?!’

A cold and fierce glare appeared in Su Xuan Yi’s eyes. He lifted his head to look into the distance, and it seemed like he could see through the palace and right into True Morning Dao World.

After a long while, Su Xuan Yi composed himself, but the killing intent in his eyes only grew stronger.

“Yin Yun Zi,” Su Xuan Yi said languidly

The next moment, the air in front of him distorted, and a middle-aged man walked out. He was dressed in a black robe, and once he appeared, he immediately knelt down on one knee before Su Xuan Yi.

“Take my Enchanted Vessel and head to True Morning Dao World. Search for the will to make the Abyss grow and find out just whose will resides in it.”

There was a hint of ghastliness in Su Xuan Yi’s words. When he lifted his right hand and swung it, a broken sword stabbed the black-robed middle-aged man.

The weapon exuded a dark, black light, and due to an unknown entity being sealed within it, there was a thick, murderous aura surrounding the sword. The middle-aged man lowered his head and voiced his obedience, then took out the wooden sword and disappeared into the air.

…..

While the army of five hundred thousand cultivators from South Union charged through the powerful whirlwind in True Morning Dao Sect, a figure suddenly appeared at Arid Triad’s gap located high above them.

The figure lifted her head to cast a glance at the crazed battle between Saint Defier and Dark Dawn beyond Arid Triad’s gap, which had almost concluded, then lowered her head to look at True Morning Dao World, which was clearly unfamiliar to her.

“Big sister, the child who constantly occupied your mind before you passed away has already awakened to the soul of our people. Even though he does not have much of the will of the Ice Dragon, the women of our race are Ice Phoenixes, and our men are Ice Dragons. Even if he only has a bit of our soul in him, he can activate the inborn talents of the Sacred Race.

“It would have been better if his soul did not awaken, but the souls of our people cannot be left lingering around in the world outside. Before he gathers together the form of the Ice Dragon, I will kill him. Do not blame me for this…

“As for the sword you asked me to give him…”

The figure was a woman, and she was the current Progenitor of the Spiritlings, the Sacred Race of Dark Dawn, and the person who was acting as the garrison of the ninth Expanse Cosmos of Dark Dawn!

After mumbling softly under her breath, she lifted her right hand, and a small sword that was only the size of her palm appeared on her hand. It was white and without a dirty spot

“Once I give it to him, I will kill him, all so that I can fulfill your wish.”

The woman then fell silent.

Her expression was extremely cold. In fact, even her murmurs sounded like a gust of freezing wind blowing past the area.

Soon, she walked down and disappeared into the whirlwind.

…..

The words of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe echoed in Su Ming’s ears. He lowered his head to stare at the black crystal in his hand. After remaining silent for a moment, the answer he wanted formed in his heart.

The crystal had given Su Ming a sense of familiarity because of the Seed of Life Extermination. The unfamiliar sensation that appeared in that familiar feeling once his blood fell on it then came from the Barren Cauldron.

The black crystal was a Spirit Refinement Stone that could allow Su Ming to search for the Barren Cauldron, but the stone he had was still incomplete. Once it was though, Su Ming would be able to sense the fragments of the Barren Cauldron left behind in Arid Triad’s universe.

‘That person of locusts must definitely have more Spirit Refinement Stones on him!’ Su Ming’s expression remained calm, but he had already formed his own thoughts regarding the matter.

After waiting for several days, Su Ming finally saw the army of five hundred thousand cultivators from South Union arrive. At that moment, there were ripples spreading out from within the whirlwind. Booming sounds spread out, and it could be seen that the ripples were tumbling within, as if there were ancient, ferocious beasts roaring in the whirlwind, wanting to charge out.

Su Ming remained composed. He sat still and cast a cold glance at the whirlwind.

About an hour later, an astonishing bang suddenly rose into space, and a huge log of about thousands of feet long as well as hundreds of feet wide shot out from the whirlwind.

The log brought with it a great and mighty pressure, and on it sat nearly one thousand cultivators. At that moment, they stood up and roared simultaneously in excitement. Great killing intent formed a heinous presence that surged into the sky.

Yet the near one thousand cultivators were soon taken aback. Their gazes focused on Su Ming, who was meditating in the distance.

They had thought that the arrival of their sect would cause the forces of power in this place to place a great amount of attention on them, and the best spot to ambush them would clearly be right when they came, but they only saw Su Ming sitting by himself.

As for the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe, if he did not want to, then regardless of whether it were people from Arid Triad, Dark Dawn, or Saint Defier, only a handful of them would be able to see him.

The unusual sight immediately brought weariness to the faces of the near one thousand cultivators on the log. As it rushed forward and farther away from whirlwind, around a dozen cultivators flew up from the log and turned into long arcs that charged towards Su Ming.

This was a test, a test to see just what sort of power Su Ming possessed, since he appeared to have no power within him.

When the ten long arcs looked as if they were about to close in on him, the light from divine abilities and Enchanted Treasures shone. A thick wave of killing intent erupted from the ten people. Their killing intents combined together and formed a mighty pressure that swiftly descended on Su Ming’s body.

Yet his expression remained calm. He did not even lift his hand, just said two words coolly, though those words were filled with a chilling intent.

“Get lost.”

When he spoke, the galaxy shuddered. The dozen cultivators were swiftly frozen in space by an invisible force. At the instant shock appeared on their faces, their bodies went tumbling backwards as if they had been flung off. They were sent into the whirlwind, and with shrill screams of pain, their bodies were torn to pieces.

This scene immediately shook the hearts of the near one thousand cultivators on the log, but they did not fall back. Instead, they formed seals with their hands and pushed them on the log. It immediately let out a deafening buzz, and its speed swiftly increased as it charged towards Su Ming with a loud bang.

A powerful presence spread out from the log. It was so strong that it reached the power of those in Mastery Realm. When it was about to reach Su Ming, he lifted his right hand and seized the space in the direction of the incoming log before slowly furling his hand into a fist.

When he did it, the giant log cracked, and the near one thousand cultivators on it let out shrill screams of pain. Quite a number of them wanted to fly off the log, but they seemed to be frozen in the galaxy and could not take even half a step to the side.

Booming sounds surged into the heavens, and the log, along with the near one thousand cultivators on it, were crushed to pieces. It looked as if a huge, invisible hand had caught them and crushed them.

When Su Ming unclenched his fist and flung his arm forward, the shattered log and the flesh on it were immediately swept up by a gust of violent wind that charged towards the whirlwind. That gust of wind contained Su Ming’s will as well, so the pieces of flesh and wood formed into a huge face.

That face belonged to Su Ming, and it was formed by the crushed flesh and blood of the one thousand cultivators as well as the countless splinters from the log. It looked incredibly hideous when it charged towards the whirlwind.

Booming sounds surged into the heavens. The moment the face containing Su Ming’s will of an Antecedental Spirit touched the whirlwind, the wind fell back, and the face rushed in, forcefully chasing away the whirlwind one hundred thousand feet within away from itself. This revealed huge logs of wood, numbering to more than a hundred, and cultivators on them which had initially been hidden in the whirlwind.

“Since you’re here, why bother hiding?” Su Ming asked flatly.

He swept his gaze past the logs, then looked behind them. There were still a large number of them hidden in the whirlwind; he could vaguely see shadows of more of them far in the distance.

A white-haired old man dressed in a white robe standing right in front of the one hundred logs immediately stood up on his log and growled at Su Ming. “Sir, who are you?!”

To him, Su Ming was an incredibly strange persona. His cultivation base seemed to be only barely discernible, which made the old man unable to tell precisely what level of cultivation he possessed. This was not the type of power that powerful warriors possessed so that those weaker than them would not be able to find any clues about their strength. It was as if Su Ming’s level of cultivation was simply indistinct, making others unable to tell it clearly.

The old man might have extraordinary power and might be an Almighty in Fate Realm, but he did not know that this was a unique state of Antecedental Spirits. Unless the old man was also an Antecedental Spirit, it would be impossible for him to notice that the galaxy around him had already been covered by Su Ming’s will of heaven.

While his eyes might have seemed calm, Su Ming could still see the nervousness and wariness in his heart.

“Ninth Summit’s Great Sect Elder, Mo Su,” Su Ming said flatly.

“Kill him!” the old man who had spoken to Su Ming suddenly growled.

Thirteen figures swiftly flew out of the one hundred logs. They were all Almighties in Fate Realm. When they flew out, the laws in the galaxy around them looked to be avoiding them while changing, but these thirteen people did not charge straight at Su Ming.

Instead, they spread out once they flew out, then threw their heads back and roared. The galaxy immediately changed, and all laws disappeared. It was as if the region had been separated from True Morning Dao World.

At that moment, four figures walked out with a loud bang from the logs. They were four old men, and there was arrogance on their faces. When their cultivation bases spread out, they revealed that they were powerful warriors in the Endless Cycles of Life Realm.

The appearance of these four people immediately caused the presence formed when their cultivation bases gathered together to surge into the heavens. It swept up the four people and allowed them to instantly charge towards Su Ming.
