# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1210

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Those in Fate Realm locked down the laws of the universe, and those in Life Realm killed the living. The cooperation between these seventeen people was flawless.

It was especially so when the thirteen Almighties in Fate Realm spread out. The feeling as if the region had been separated from True Morning Dao World became even stronger at that moment. The thirteen people turned themselves into keys of the Rune, the Great Space Sealing Rune!

The four old men in Life Realm were the blades of the Rune. When they flew out, the killing intent of those in the Endless Cycles of Life Realm erupted from them. With a presence of a tidal wave, they charged towards Su Ming.

“Live!”

At the instant the four old men in Life Realm approached him, the thirteen Almighties in Fate Realm around the area roared together. They formed seals with their hands and pointed towards the four. Immediately after, the power of the four people increased exponentially, pushing them infinitesimally close to Death Realm.

This did not mean that their levels of cultivation had increased, but that once the galaxy in this region had been changed, the laws had changed as well. It was as if it had become the thirteen people’s world. They were akin to masters of it, and they had ordered the four old men’s cultivation bases to reach a boundless state. Then, within the boundaries of what the thirteen people could endure, they were brought infinitesimally close to Death Realm!

At the same time, the thirteen people formed a seal and pointed at the indifferent looking Su Ming before saying one word together.

“Die!”

This word sounded like rolling thunder, and it was an order from those people who acted as the master of the region. They wished that Su Ming’s life force be extinguished and his power weakened. It would be difficult for any of them to execute this Art alone, but when the thirteen of them worked together, they could do it perfectly.

Weakening one party to strengthen the other was the effect of the rune. From the skillfulness of seventeen people’s actions, anyone could tell that they had worked together many times, and the confidence on their faces was not fake either. There should be plenty of powerful warriors who had died in hatred due to their Rune.

As the orders of those who would live and who would perish were given, the four Almighties in Life Realm came charging at Su Ming with confidence and great murderous intent.

A hint of derision appeared at the corners of Su Ming’s lips. Those people had still not discovered what was wrong in the area and did not notice the difference in power between them. In Su Ming’s eyes, they were grossly overestimating themselves, and he could only view them in contempt.

His scorn was seen by the seventeen people, and their hearts let out a thump in their chests. However, they were arrows that had been notched on bows and fired. They could not stop their attack.

The four Almighties in Life Realm approached Su Ming and executed their divine abilities. They then charged towards him.

A loud bang shot up into the heavens. When it shook the galaxy, Su Ming’s figure was submerged by the divine abilities, but the expressions of the four people soon changed drastically. When they turned their heads around, they found Su Ming standing behind one of the thirteen Almighties in Fate Realm

He had moved in a manner similar to warping, but no ripple of power was stirred up by his movements. He lifted his right hand then, and the instant the Almighty in Fate Realm realized that something was off, Su Ming had already pressed his hand against the person’s back, right over their heart.

A bang shot up, and the Almighty in Fate Realm jolted. In fact, he did not even have time to turn his head around before he coughed up a large mouthful of blood and his body was torn to pieces. He turned into flesh and blood that filled the area.

Su Ming licked the corners of his lips, and an evil smile appeared on his face. When the twelve Almighties in Fate Realm looked over in shock and the four old men in Life Realm rushed at him, he vanished into thin air again.

When he reappeared, he was already behind another person. That cultivator from Fate Realm had spread his divine sense and was on guard, but he could not sense Su Ming at all. Only when an icy cold hand touched the nape of his neck and intense pain wrecked his body that he noticed.

A loud bang shot up again, and the bloody stench became even thicker. Yet Su Ming’s expression remained the same. His body moved like a phantom, making it impossible for anyone to figure him out before he disappeared again.

“Damn it! Why are you not locking down the galaxy in this region yet?! Lock down space! Make it so that he cannot wrap!” one of the old men among the four Almighties in Life Realm roared.

“It’s useless, we’ve already locked down the space in this—”

The hearts of the eleven cultivators in Fate Realm were trembling. They were also in shock. They had clearly locked down the space in the area.

Yet the cultivator who had begun to speak could only say this thoughts halfway before his heart shuddered. He saw look at him, and his heart let out a thump. Without any hesitation, he rushed forward.

However, the instant he tried that, an intense pain rushed through him. It only lasted for two breaths before it disappeared, since his body lost possession of its head. It was in Su Ming’s hand, and with a flick of his wrist, he crushed it.

When the cultivator’s Nascent Divinity rushed out from his headless body, it was also casually crushed by Su Ming’s destructive power.

In the blink of an eye, three people had died. The four Almighties in Life Realm simply could not catch up to Su Ming. Even if they wanted to shift, it required some time, but Su Ming could do it instantly. It was as if with one thought, his body would disappear and reappear in any place he wanted.

“Mo Su, you are Ninth Summit’s Great Sect Elder, but do you only know how to ambush people behind their backs?! Do you dare fight against us fair and square?!” the old man of the four Almighties in Life Realm who had roared towards the heavens before demanded.

There was anger on his face. The seventeen of them had cooperated multiple times and killed plenty of powerful warriors, but this was the first time they ran into such a strange situation. Even though they had a slight feeling that something bad was about to happen, anger was a more prominent emotion in their hearts. In fact, they even had a sense of determination.

They felt that since Su Ming did not dare to face them, it meant that he was about equal in terms of strength, or perhaps he was even slightly weaker than the,.

“Fair and square? Alright then.”

Su Ming’s voice drifted around the area, and it was followed by a contemptuous chuckle. In an instant, ten Su Mings appeared at the same time behind the ten Almighties in Fate Realm.

The ten Su Mings looked identical to each other. The moment they appeared, Su Ming lifted his right hand and threw a punch at the ten cultivators.

Booming sounds surged into space and caused the galaxy to tremble. The ten Almighties in Fate Realm did not have the power to dodge or fight back. Amid the booming sounds, their bodies were torn to shreds. As their flesh and blood flew in all directions, the ten Su Mings moved, and in a flash, they fused together back into one. Once that happened, Su Ming turned around and looked at the four Almighties in Life Realm whose faces had went pale.

“Then the four of you will have to receive my punch fairly and squarely.”

When Su Ming said those words in a flat voice, he lifted his right hand and punched the space in the direction of the four people.

That punch seemed ordinary and did not stir up a single ripple. It was as if it could not cause the universe to tremble at all, but when he threw that punch, the expressions of the four old men from Life Realm changed drastically.

Their hearts trembled, and their pupils shrank to reveal a hint of shock. At the same time, the four people growled. It seemed like they had been connected together to form a seal moments before all their power erupted from them. The cultivation base formed by the life force of those in the Endless Cycles of Life Realm gathered together, causing the power erupting from the four people to no longer belong to Life Realm, but near that of Death Realm.

“Imperishable Aura!” the four old men growled.

Their expressions were incredibly grave, and their hearts were filled with shock. At that moment, they had a strong feeling that they were about to die. The simple punch from Su Ming caused them to feel as if the world was about to crumble, and they were right in the middle of that destruction. They had a strong feeling that their hearts would be torn apart at any moment.

When the four people growled, a candle flame manifested around them. As it burned, a piercing light erupted from it. This light swept outwards to fight against Su Ming’s punch.

As long as the candle flame did not get extinguished, they would not die. The candle flame did not just burn their cultivation bases, but also the years of their lives. It was a pure Protective Rune.

It didn’t have a single offensive property since the four old men had already come to an understanding the moment Su Ming threw his punch that they… were absolutely not his opponent. At that moment, their greatest serendipity would be to come out alive.

“The mere power of a speck of light,” Su Ming said flatly.

When his punch landed, the world did not move, but an astonishing roar swiftly reverberated through the space before the four old men. As it echoed in space, it was as if a huge, invisible hand had seized the four people. With a squeeze, it instantly extinguished the trembling candle flame.

At the instant its light disappeared, the bodies of the four old men jolted simultaneously. They coughed up blood and fell back. As they did so, their bodies were thrown into a violent gust of wind that could not be put to words. Their hair was burned to a crisp, their robes were torn to shreds, their skin became a bloody mess in the blink of an eye, and once their flesh and blood were reduced to nothing, the four old men turned into four skeletons.

But this was not the end. Shrill screams of pain that would cause people’s skin to crawl rose into space at that moment. The skeletons were crushed to ashes, and they disappeared straight away. The only thing that remained after that was the Nascent Divinities, but even those… were reduced to nothing the next instant.

Everything which marked the existence of the four old men was wiped off the plane of existence with a simple punch. Not even a speck of them was left.

Su Ming then lifted his head to look at the cultivators from South Union on the hundreds of logs. All of them looked dumbfounded and had fear on their faces.

“What other tricks do you have? Continue bringing them out. Since you’re already here, don’t think about leaving,” he said in a flat voice.

The cultivators from South Union fell silent. They stared at Su Ming in shock, and at that moment, their hearts trembled. Su Ming was so strong that even if they could not tell his precise level of cultivation, the deaths of thirteen Subsect Elders and the annihilation of four of their Great Sect Elders had occurred in just a few dozen breaths. The ease of Su Ming’s actions, his faint voice, and the derision in his smile turned him into the embodiment of death in everyone’s eyes.

“Bring forth the Enchanted Vessel!”

When the cultivators from South Union were intimidated by Su Ming, an ancient voice laden with an unprecedented grave tone shot through the whirlwind. It came from the direction of the whirlwind where more people hid.

The next moment, hundreds of cultivators lifted their heads. Blood-red light instantly appeared in their eyes, and they flew out simultaneously while roaring towards the heavens as if they did not possess any intelligence. There was a total of 999 cultivators, and they turned into nearly one thousand figures who surrounded the area around Su Ming. Once they did so, each of the cultivators roared.

Their bodies were then reduced to a bloody mess. Crystals seeped out of their bodies as if having grown there. A powerful light spread out from them and connected together to form… a Rune of crystalline light!
