# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1212

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When a woman’s figure appeared in a barely discernible fashion in the whirlwind and she looked at Su Ming, even she did not notice that the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe was near him.

She did not see the old man, but she could feel a sort of vortex beside Su Ming. Yet when she cast her gaze there, she saw nothing.

At that moment, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe lifted his head slightly while staying by Su Ming’s side and cast a glance at the spot where the woman was standing in a seemingly casual manner. Even upon noticing her, he did not say a single word.

Even if he was surrounded by the Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune, Su Ming watched the formation of the Rune and at the two old men in Death Realm before him, who looked as if they were facing off a great enemy, with calmness.

Su Ming did not interfere with the formation of the Rune, for he was completely unconcerned. He wanted to make South Union use their full strength. Only by doing so could he crush their confidence as well as defeat them. The blow had to be strong enough to turn into despair, so it would be much easier for him to turn the five hundred thousand cultivators into the laws of fate of the world around him, and then turn them into a part of his own laws of fate.

If it was not because Su Ming needed many cultivators to worship him so that they could provide him with the power of the laws of fate in order for him to complete the next step of his plan to Possess True Morning Dao World, he would not have wasted his time playing around with South Union. He would have killed them in cold blood a long time ago.

The moment the Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune was formed, the two old men in Death Realm cast each other a glance. They took a step forward at the same time, and when their feet landed, ripples spread out from beneath their feet. They then charged towards Su Ming like waves of impact.

The two old men came to his sides in no time. The person with red light on his face was by his left, and the thin old man with the sinister aura was by his right. The two of them did not form any seals. Instead, at the instant they spread out, they swung their arms, and different Enchanted Vessels appeared in their hands.

The red-faced old man had a whip in his hand. There were countless runic symbols rising as bumps on it, and right when the weapon appeared, the space around it seemed to be on the verge of shattering. There was even a feeling resembling that of planets coming from that whip.

The red-faced man had refined 108 planets and extracted their essence to refine the whip. Then, he had his origin soul gather on it while turning the hundreds of divine abilities he had mastered into different runic symbols before eventually Branding them on the whip. This made the whip his one and only lethal Enchanted Treasure.

He would not easily bring out this Enchanted Treasure, but when facing Su Ming, he brought it out without any hesitation. He knew that several dozens of breaths would be needed for the formation of the Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune to finished, and for this period of time, he had to hold Su Ming back.

He could not let Su Ming interfere with the formation of the Rune. As long as it formed, he was confident that no matter how strong Su Ming was, he would definitely be suppressed.

The thin old man by Su Ming’s right brought out a small black cauldron. He held it with both hands and stood unmoving in midair. There were wisps of freezing air spreading from inside the cauldron.

In an instant, they surrounded the old man, and he closed his eyes. Complicated and abstruse incantations then came from his mouth. When they turned into buzzing noise, the freezing air from the cauldron became thicker. Shrill roars came from inside it, and there seemed to be countless faces belonging to cultivators and ferocious beasts protruding. It looked like they wanted to rush out.

The cauldron was the strongest of the many Enchanted Treasures the thin old man possessed. He had not refined it on his own, but had obtained it purely by coincidence many years ago in a ruin. From then on, he had refined it constantly. Due to the chilling properties of the cauldron, he collected countless cultivators and ferocious beasts with freezing aura, then brutally put all of them into the cauldron so its aura could fill an entire galaxy.

And this was not the full power of the cauldron. The thin old man knew in his heart that he could only bring out three-tenths of the item’s power, but it was his trump card, because he had a way… to make the cauldron self-destruct!

When it self-destructed, the cauldron would have its full might erupt from it. This would bring forth a terrifying storm, and the old man was confident in it happening.

When the two old men in Death Realm brought out their Enchanted Treasures, it was time to fight. The thin old man did not move, but the red-faced old man swung the whip in his right hand in Su Ming’s direction. As thunderous booms surged into space, the whip charged towards Su Ming.

It felt as if there were more than a hundred planets trying to attack him. There were also hundreds of divine abilities among them, which was why when the man cracked his whip, Su Ming felt as if he was staring at more than one hundred planets roaring while charging at him. He also saw a large number of divine abilities erupting around the shadow of the whip, covering all of the space through which they charged at him.

One crack of the whip could kill those in Life Realm!

Those in Life Realm might have endless life, but if that whip touched them, it would immediately shatter their physical bodies, destroy their souls, and disintegrate their cultivation bases.

Even if they had endless life and could swiftly recover, the destructive power of the whip would not allow them any time to heal. Any cultivator in Life Realm would just die.

When the red-faced old man attacked, the thin old man growled. A loud shout came from the small cauldron and reverberated in space. A green, freezing air gushed out the next second and turned into a creature of ice that was about thirty feet tall. The creature was like a tiger, and when it roared, freezing air surged from its body into the heavens. That freezing air could extinguish all life force, and the creature also had the power of Death Realm.

With a roar, it charged at Su Ming, but that was not all. Roars came from the small cauldron once more, and another creature of ice resembling a tiger charged out and rushed towards Su Ming.

A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. Only when he was faced with two Almighties in Death Realm that a spark of fighting intent lit up in him. He did not even bother looking at the Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune being laid out around him, but lifted his right hand and pointed at the sky.

“Mountain Shifter!”

Mountain Shifter, Ocean Remover, and God of Berserkers Transformation were Su Ming’s strongest divine abilities.

The moment he spoke, the galaxy rumbled and space trembled. The illusion of a mountain instantly appeared around Su Ming.

There might have only seemed to be one mountain, but as it swayed, it turned into an image of a thousand mountains overlapping. They roared, and the next instant, they went to push down on the whip and the ice tiger.

The Mountain Shifter Art was an Art Su Ming had come to understand after having a close shave with death. This Art had also become stronger as his level of cultivation increased. The one thousand mountains might have looked normal, but they swayed the moment they sank and turned into one hundred thousand mountains!

Thunderous booms came from them as if they wanted to shatter space and tear apart the universe. This was the limit of what Su Ming could execute with his Mountain Shifter Art at that moment. When the one hundred thousand mountains descended together, the whip shuddered upon contact.

All the divine abilities on it crumbled, but the power of planets was not so easily shaken. When the two attacks intercepted, a portion of the one hundred thousand mountains crumbled, and only then did the whip tumble back.

As for the two ice tigers, they were suppressed by the mountains and only managed to last for the span of a few breaths before their bodies crumbled.

“All mountains in Mountain Shifter, turn into one!”

After those words, Su Ming raised his hands and swiftly put them together in front of him before pointing at the red-faced old man. With it, the remaining mountains overlapped with a loud bang, and the one hundred thousand mountains became one before charging out.

At that instant, the red-faced old man’s expression changed. He could clearly see the killing intent in Su Ming’s eyes.

Su Ming swung his arm, and when the mountain formed by one hundred thousand mountains descended on the red-faced old man, he spoke while rushing forward. “Within five breaths, I will take your head!”

With a bang, the mountain formed by one hundred thousand mountains descended on the red-faced old man, but he lifted his whip and used it to defend himself. Booming sounds surged into the heavens. The mountain cracked, but it did not shatter. Instead, a vast amount of power stirred up by it continued to descend on the old man.

The thin old man’s expression changed. His eyes swiftly flew open, and the green smoke coming out from the cauldron in his hand immediately grew much thicker.

The instant he was about to execute his divine ability, however, Su Ming swung his right hand. Immediately, buzzing sounds reverberated through space, and a large number of locusts charged at the old man.

At the same time, a gourd the size of his palm appeared in Su Ming’s hand. As he swept his hand across it, the gourd immediately looked like it had opened its eyes. Killing intent shone in its eyes, and two small humanoids shot out from it. With heinous murderous aura, they charged towards the old man.

At that instant, ferocious roars rang out around the old man. A malicious spirit appeared in space. In its hand was a scale, and its weight was an elephant. Needless to say, this was Su Ming’s picture of the Malicious Spirit Weighing the Elephant!

This treasure had been damaged in the past, and Su Ming had nearly lost it, but he had relocated it afterwards and restored it. Even if it had yet to completely recover and its might was not as powerful as before, it was still usable for Su Ming’s needs.

Boom!

The red-faced old man had a ferocious expression on his face. A sense of danger rose in his heart, but it was not great. It did not warn him that he was in a life-threatening situation. However, when his whip touched the descending mountain again, a piercing black light swept out from Su Ming’s body in all directions.

“Ocean Remover!”

The Ocean Remover Art formed by the Light of Extreme Darkness was another one of Su Ming’s most powerful Arts. It was created entirely from his own understanding. When he became the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness, the Light of Extreme Darkness spreading out from him instantly covered the entire area.

The thin old man’s vision immediately turned dark, and his body froze. The ice from that attack surpassed the ice-oriented cultivation method he practiced. His heart shuddered at that moment. Su Ming’s Enchanted Treasure was also charging towards him, which made him unable to care about the red-faced old man for the time being. He had to immediately defend himself.

The instant the Light of Extreme Darkness spread out, the red-faced old man’s expression changed drastically. The sense of danger he previously had turned into a feeling of death looming over him.

Without any hesitation, he swiftly moved backwards. Yet he could not see the area around him clearly. Darkness enveloped his mind and heart, and the freezing sensation caused the life-threatening sense of danger to become even stronger.

He swung the whip in his hand and had all of his power erupt from him. Even if the mountain was about to collide with him, he couldn’t care less about it. He swiftly moved back, but the moment the chills covered his body and even his heart froze, Su Ming appeared in front of him. He lifted his right hand and grabbed the attacking whip, then, without any hesitation, Su Ming pushed his left hand into the old man’s chest.

It had been precisely five breaths.
