# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1215

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

It was not that the old man was foolish. Since he could reach Death Realm, there was no way he would be a foolish person, but he simply did not expect that Su Ming would have this level of adaptability to the cold.

It was not as if the old man had not met those who cultivated freezing aura either… but he had never met the Spiritlings from Dark Dawn. He did not know the connection they had with the cold.

The female Spiritlings of Dark Dawn were ice phoenixes, and the men were ice dragons. The cold was a part of their bodies, and it was a power similar to Essence. It was also a power that could not be separated from them. It was like their inborn talent.

Su Ming’s soul had inherited the power of Spiritlings due to his mother. His soul had grown during the years, and when it split during the spirit ascension, it finally awakened, allowing him to possess the inborn talents of the Spiritlings.

However, even though his soul had awakened, he still needed time for it to transform and manifest. Yet the thin old man and the Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation cut down the time by a lot.

“Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune, third ultimate seal!” the old man roared excitedly. When the third circle of logs stopped moving, the vortex formed due to its rotation swiftly shrank and charged at the block of ice.

It grew thousands of feet again and looked even more muddled than before. The chilling aura from it surged into the heavens and spread through the area.

While within the ice, Su Ming stared at the nucleus in his soul. As a large amount of chilling aura fused into it, it continued to grow, and the life contained in it seemed to reach the critical moment when it was about to be born.

‘There isn’t enough cold! I need more!’

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. Since he had already decided that he would have the cold fuse with his soul to find out what would eventually come out from the nucleus in his soul, he would definitely not easily give up on his idea. He decided to no longer have the chilling aura fuse into him passively. Instead… he would actively absorb it!

Su Ming could not do this previously, but by then, the chilling aura and the ice around him gave Su Ming a feeling that they were a part of him. As long as he wanted to, he could bring them over. Passivity and activity were antonyms, and the difference between them were like the sky and earth.

A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes, and he sucked in a deep breath without hesitation. The chilling aura in the ice instantly surged into him as if it had erupted. If it had been like streams of flowing water before, then right then, it surged at him like a tidal wave. Once inside, it was instantly sent into his soul.

The nucleus in Su Ming’s soul grew larger!

As he continued taking the initiative and absorbing the chilling aura, the ice around him started shrinking rapidly. Ten thousand something feet, ten thousand feet, eight thousand feet… When there was only three thousand something feet left, even the people beyond the area could vaguely see Su Ming within the block of ice.

This scene caused the old man’s expression to change drastically. At that moment, he could no longer bother with anything else. He formed a seal with his hands and swiftly struck the top of his skull. As he jolted, he opened his mouth and spat out a small blue flag.

The old man’s presence instantly became weaker again, but a chilling aura that surpassed all that had appeared earlier erupted from the flag. The old man pointed at it with his right hand, and the flag instantly rushed at the block of ice around Su Ming. It drew close to it and swiftly stabbed it.

At the instant it did so, the chilling aura that erupted from it enveloped the ice with a bang, causing it to swiftly grow to fight against the shrinking.

At the same time, the old man swung his arm and growled while panting.

“Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune, fourth and fifth ultimate seals!”

As he roared, the fourth and fifth circles of logs stopped at the same time. The vortex they formed swept up an endless amount of chilling aura and charged at the ice. Once they Branded themselves on it, the ice grew to three hundred thousand feet with the help of the flag.

The woman in the whirlwind in the distance was watching the ice with a fixed stare at that moment. She seemed to be able to see Su Ming and the nucleus in his soul.

As the ice grew, even Su Ming had a strange feeling that the cultivators from South Union and the thin old man beyond the ice were not his enemies. They were helping him form the nucleus in his soul with all their strength, or else they would not be sending the chilling aura to him as if they were afraid that he would not have enough of it when he was absorbing it on his own initiative.

There was a strange look on Su Ming’s face, but he went on to be even more active in his absorption of this chilling aura. As he absorbed it, a cracking sound suddenly came from the nucleus in his soul.

Only Su Ming alone could hear the sound, but and when he heard it, the feeling that the being inside was him became unprecedentedly stronger. At the same time as the nucleus seemed to be about to shatter, a vast absorption force appeared.

With it around, the chilling aura surged into Su Ming like an ocean instead of the tidal wave from before. The thirty thousand feet tall block of ice instantly became only ten thousand feet tall, and in another blink of an eye, it became only one thousand feet tall. It looked like it would disappear fully the next instant.

But the absorption had not ended, and Su Ming discovered that if there was no more chilling aura around him, the life that was about to be born from the nucleus within his soul would wither and die!

But Su Ming did not need to worry about it. The thin old man was even more worried than him. He had already went so far, so he had to give it his all, or all would be in vain.

The thin old man let out a crazed roar and closed his eyes. His Nascent Divinity instantly went out of his body and appeared in the area above Su Ming. Without any hesitation, it used its full power to strike down.

The old man’s Nascent Divinity shone with a blinding light, and the chill radiating off it was far colder than all Enchanted Treasures. It immediately enveloped the ice encasing Su Ming, which was now only five feet, and swiftly grew it again.

“I’m giving it my all. If I can’t seal you today, I will definitely die!”

At the instant the thin old man’s Nascent Divinity roared, the chilling aura spreading from it surged into Su Ming’s ice, and it was instantly sucked away towards the nucleus in his soul. In just the span of two breaths, the old man’s Nascent Divinity became dim, as if he had been emptied, and only at that moment did he come to a realization.

Shock appeared on his face when he looked at Su Ming. A powerful, life-threatening sense of crisis assaulted him. The instant he was about to control the Rune and activate the sixth seal, all the ice around Su Ming disappeared in an instant. Once he absorbed all of it, the nucleus in his soul cracked again.

At the same time, a ray of black light shot out from there. It instantly swept out and swallowed the nucleus in Su Ming’s soul. It then let out a roar and seemed to want to rush out of the top of Su Ming’s skull.

Before it did so, an endless chilling aura surged out and reached an area of one hundred thousand feet, causing the old man’s Nascent Divinity to shudder before disbelieving shock appeared on his face.

“Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune, sixth ultimate seal!!” he roared without any hesitation. His expression was full of despair along with complete madness.

When he roared, the sixth circle of logs came to an abrupt halt, which resulted in countless spinning images around their original circle. They appeared due to the vortex. It swiftly shrank while spinning, and at the instant the life born from the nucleus in Su Ming’s soul was about to rush out, the vortex covered him, intending to seal him.

But the next moment, it disintegrated with a loud roar that surged into the skies. Su Ming was not the one responsible for it though. Neither was it his will that had caused it. Instead, it was a black dragon that had rushed out of the top of his skull!

The dragon was entirely black, and an indescribable chilling aura spread out from it!

“Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune, seventh ultimate seal, seal him! Seal him! Seal him!”

The old man’s Nascent Divinity let out a shrill cry. Its voice was piercing and held complete madness.

The outermost circle of logs formed by the five hundred thousand cultivators, which was also the only remaining circle that was still spinning, was the largest of all the circles, and at that moment it stopped. With a sealing power that surpassed all the power added together by the six circles of logs earlier, the newly formed vortex charged at Su Ming with a bang. It was the final power of the Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune.

This vortex gathered everything from the thin old man, the five hundred thousand cultivators, and the five hundred cold-natured logs. It approached Su Ming in an instant and turned into a powerful seal. Its sealing power could even slightly affect Su Ming’s will of an Antecedental Spirit.

But the instant the vortex was about to cover Su Ming, the black dragon at the top of his skull let out a roar at the heavens. This was the first roar it made after it was born, and it seemed to be announcing something, like a promise to the entire universe that it would become the emperor of the cold in the world. He would be the master of the Spiritlings of Dark Dawn!

It was a black dragon. It might have only been around one thousand feet long, but when it appeared, it shook the galaxy, freezing everything in the area. It was the Dragon of Destruction!

The powerful vortex formed by the seventh ultimate seal of the Seven Ultimate Yin Transformation Rune turned into ice at that instant. It was sealed around Su Ming and became an unmoving circle.

The thin old man’s Nascent Divinity, the five hundred cultivators in the area, and the logs were also frozen. Everything in the area came to a stop at that instant.

Xu Hui’s log was also frozen, but it was different from the others.

The breathing of the woman in the whirlwind quickened at that instant. When she looked at Su Ming, the soul of the ice phoenix in her body showed signs of submission. This made her instinctively take a few steps back.

Her expression changed multiple times as she mumbled under her breath, “Dragon of Destruction…”
