# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1217

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Ta Jia’s eyes shone as did the eight stars at the center of his brow. He stared at Su Ming and suddenly grinned. There was a hint of scorn in his grin.

“You might have done me a favor, but that favor isn’t as great as you think. I won’t make things hard for you today, but if you continue pestering me, do not blame me for crushing you.”

There was contempt in Ta Jia’s voice. The air of supremacy in his words was prominent, and it was no wonder he acted this way. After all, he was no longer a seven-star Ancient God, but an eight-star Ancient God, a powerful warrior who, in his memories, had the world at his beck and call.

“You can try,” Su Ming said faintly.

That one sentence brought killing intent to Ta Jia’s eyes. With a cold harrumph, he took a swift step towards Su Ming. He lifted his right hand and threw a punch in Su Ming’s direction, which stirred up loud booming sounds.

“You do not know what is good for you!”

He laughed coldly, and the punch containing the power of the eight-star Ancient God caused the galaxy to shake and transform the instant it was thrown. It was as if the galaxy was about to collapse and the heavens were about to sink when the punch went for Su Ming.

A brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. The image of the Dragon of Destruction behind him did not move though. He took a step forward and instantly closed in on Ta Jia. He lifted his right hand and clenched his fist. Then in the simplest fashion and without using any divine abilities, he threw a punch against the Ancient God’s gigantic fist.

A bang shot up into the air. Su Ming jolted and staggered nearly one thousand feet back. When he stomped down at space with his right foot, the galaxy trembled, and distortions appeared. As for Ta Jia, he did not budge even half an inch. There was arrogance on his face, and the contempt on his face grew stronger. He took a step again and charged at Su Ming.

“I only used a seventh of my power just now. This time, if you still dare to move forward, your body will definitely be crushed.”

‘My current physical body can defeat those with seven stars, but the eight-star Ancient God is way more powerful…’

Su Ming shook his head. He quelled down his tumbling cultivation base, then lifted his right hand and clenched his fist. Countless Berserker souls from Great Berserker Tribe instantly appeared around his right hand. They fused into his right hand. left hand, his legs, and when Su Ming’s entire body fused with one hundred million souls from Great Berserker Tribe, he swelled up until he was hundreds of feet tall.

An indescribable presence spread out from him. When he clenched his fist, it was full of barely contained power. This was… Su Ming’s God of Berserkers Transformation!

He had turned into the God of Berserkers with a Berserker Body when his Berserker Bones merged with one hundred million Berserker souls. As if he had reverted to his roots, the most powerful physical strength of the Berserkers erupted in an instant from him!

When the God of Berserkers Transformation was activated, the pupils of Ta Jia shrank, and a sense of danger instantly appeared in his heart. Once Su Ming went through his God of Berserkers’ Transformation, he took a step forward, turned into a long arc, and charged at Ta Jia.

First punch!

Booming sounds surged into the heavens. They reached a deafening degree when Su Ming’s right fist crashed against Ta Jia’s fist. The impact stirred up even more noise as it swept out. A disbelieving look appeared on Ta Jia’s face when his body tumbled back. He was forced back ten thousand something feet back by Su Ming’s punch.

Su Ming jolted. He took two steps backwards. When he lifted his head, he rushed forward with a calm face.

Second punch!

Loud booming sounds reverberated through the galaxy, and Ta Jia coughed up blood. He moved back again, and a roar tumbled out of his mouth.

“Damn it! This is impossible! I am an Ancient God! I am an eight-star Ancient God! A savage and barbaric cultivator like you should not have the power to send me back!”

Ta Jia’s eyes were bloodshot. When he moved back, he turned swiftly. He wanted to change his direction and charge at Su Ming, but the moment he stopped, Su Ming instantly appeared in front of him.

Third punch!

It landed on Ta Jia’s chest, causing him to let out a shrill roar. When he coughed up blood again, he shuddered and moved back. Su Ming’s aloof expression seemed to have turned into a traumatic shadow in Ta Jia’s eyes, and it was magnified endlessly when Su Ming threw his fourth punch.

This scene did not escape the eyes of all the cultivators in the area, and they fell silent in shock. Su Ming had an overwhelming upper hand; Ta Jia did not have the power to fight back. Under Su Ming’s punches, his body started showing signs of crumbling. Blood continuously gushed out from him, and the terror in his eyes became greater.

Fifth punch!

Sixth punch!

Booming sounds continuously rang out in space. Su Ming threw six consecutive punches, and Ta Jia moved back nonstop, but he could not escape from Su Ming’s speed.

All of this happened in just the span of a few breaths. When Su Ming closed in again, he lifted his right hand, clenched his fist, and threw his final punch.

Seventh punch!

This punch contained all of Su Ming’s power while he was in the God of Berserkers Transformation. At the instant he threw his punch, it seemed to have become a black hole that absorbed all the light and space in the area. When it landed on Ta Jia’s chest, a muffled bang came from the Ancient God’s body. Ta Jia shuddered, and this time, he did not move back. Instead, his huge body was thrown back by Su Ming’s punch.

He turned into an arc, and when he fell, countless cracks appeared on his body. He was a bloody mess, and his chest looked like it was about to explode. His mind scattered when Su Ming’s punch had shattered his veins. The eight stars at the center of his brows faded together at that moment as if they were about to be extinguished.

Su Ming’s God of Berserkers’ Transformation ended then, and his body returned to normal. While standing in the galaxy, he cast a cold glance at Ta Jia, who had fallen to the side.

“His blood is not pure. If it was an eight-star Ancient God with pure blood, the God of Berserkers Transformation would not have been enough to defeat him so easily.” the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe said faintly at that moment.

“Impure blood, huh?”

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. He had thought of Possessing Ta Jia so that he would have an Ancient God clone, which was why he had helped release Ta Jia’s seal earlier, but at that moment, he got rid of that thought. If he wanted a clone, he would go for one with pure blood.

But it would be a pity to kill an Ancient God just like that. A strange light shone in Su Ming’s eyes, and the instant Ta Jia tried to struggle to his feet, Su Ming closed his eyes.

The will of the universe immediately turned into the will of an Antecedental Spirit. Once he replaced the universe and became the will of heaven, he swiftly descended on Ta Jia.

“Become my slave. This is the will of heaven,” Su Ming said.

At the instant he did so, Ta Jia let out a shrill scream of pain. He brought his hands to his head where the will of heaven was like an invisible net. It trapped his soul tightly, like a seal, and Su Ming’s will was Branded on it.

This was an even more incisive method compared to the one South Union had used to control the Ancient God. Su Ming used the will of heaven to forcefully enslave the Ancient God without giving him a single chance to fight back.

Screams of pain echoed in space before gradually disappearing in about a dozen something breaths. In silence, Ta Jia lowered his hands from his head. He stared at Su Ming with a complicated expression. After a long while, he lowered his head and his body towards Su Ming.

At the same time, the five hundred thousand cultivators from South Union in the area knelt down simultaneously with their hearts trembling when Su Ming swept his gaze across them. Right after, they sent their souls and simply allowed Su Ming to Brand them with the will of heaven.

When all the people besides Xu Hui and De Shun gained Su Ming’s Brand in their souls, a vast power of the laws of fate in the world surged swiftly at him, and Su Ming immediately turned this external fate into his own laws of fate the moment he absorbed it. This allowed Su Ming’s will of an Antecedental Spirit to expand to twice its original size and spread through the area.

During that instant, a large amount of laws of fate gathered on him in an unseen manner from Ninth Summit’s direction. When it enveloped Su Ming’s entire body, his soul tumbled about. He had a strong feeling that with some more hundreds of thousands of cultivators’ laws of fate, he could reach the point when he could Possess True Morning Dao World ahead of schedule.

He forcefully quelled that strong feeling in his heart and swept his gaze across the area before focusing on Xu Hui and De Shun. With one step, he instantly appeared in front of them.

Xu Hui shuddered, and the mark of the scorpion at the center of her brows distorted. It appeared behind her as well, and it looked incredibly nervous.

De Shun stared at Su Ming anxiously. His heart was filled with fear since he did not know what the unfamiliar powerful warrior before him wanted to do.

“When did she lose her memories?” Su Ming moved his gaze away from Xu Hui’s body and fixed his stare on De Shun’s face.

De Shun’s expression swiftly changed. He shuddered and became hesitant.

“Senior, I do not know what you are saying…”

As De Shun shuddered, he suddenly grabbed Xu Hui and pulled her behind him. He did not know why he would do this, it all just seemed natural to him.

Xu Hui did not reject his touch either. The pressure Su Ming gave her was incredibly great, and it caused her face to turn pale. Fear appeared in her eyes, but for some unknown reason, some complicated feelings rose in her heart as well.

Su Ming watched this with a calm expression and sighed softly in his heart. He did not bother about De Shun, but walked to Xu Hui. Her expression immediately changed, and she instinctively wanted to move back.

Red appeared in De Shun’s eyes. He roared, as if he had forgotten about Su Ming’s power, and intended to attack.

But before he could do so, Su Ming’s right index finger tapped the center of Xu Hui’s brows.

“You used this strange divine ability to protect yourself during Morning Dao Sect’s disaster, but this Art isn’t perfect. It will split your soul into two, and a second consciousness will appear. Right now, your original consciousness is asleep, and your second consciousness has occupied your body.”

Light shone in Su Ming’s right hand, and a ripple surged into Xu Hui’s body. Immediately, a look of struggle appeared on her face. Her gaze when she stared at Su Ming was occasionally one of familiarity, at other times full of complicated emotions, and sometimes like she was looking at a stranger.

Yet soon, the unfamiliar feeling gradually started showing signs of disappearing. Su Ming’s action caused a fluctuation to appear in Xu Hui’s sleeping soul, and it showed signs of waking up.

“You can’t…” De Shun trembled.

Madness and pain appeared in his bloodshot eyes as he stared at Xu Hui while mumbling. He knew that even though he had constantly been bullied during the past few years he was in contact with her, they had still kept each other company for years, which had resulted in him unknowingly falling in love Xu Hui.

He knew that the one he liked was not the previous Xu Hui, but the second consciousness in her body, which was why he had not brought Xu Hui out to search for Su Ming, but had instead joined South Union.
