# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1218

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

De Shun knew that when the real Xu Hui woke up, the second consciousness would disappear. This was something he could not accept, and he did not want to let this happen. That was why… he went against Xu Hui’s request.

He had always been careful and cautious to not have her come into contact with too many people, much less help her search for Su Ming. In his point of view, if a long period of time passed, Xu Hui’s new consciousness would become stronger until she completely suppressed her original soul, and then he would succeed.

He had also noticed that the new consciousness seemed to harbor a bit of a strange feeling towards him. This made De Shun become excited and even more sure of his own theory.

“You can’t do this! She’s mine! You can’t wipe away her consciousness!”

De Shun’s eyes became bloodshot. He roared at Su Ming and wanted to pounce on him, but there was a layer of light around Su Ming and Xu Hui’s bodies, which forced him to fall back when he came into contact with it.

But he had gone mad and pounced on it time and again, regardless of the cost or how many times he was sent back. Blood trickled down the corners of his lips, but he did not care. His madness made it seem as if Su Ming was murdering his lover.

This scene caused Su Ming to frown. When he lifted his right hand from the center of Xu Hui’s brows, her eyes shut. After a long time, she opened them, and they held a gentleness when she looked at Su Ming.

His appearance might have changed, but when he touched the center of her brows and awakened her soul, she knew that the person before her was Su Ming.

“How long have I been asleep?” she asked softly.

“Very long,” Su Ming said slowly, then lifted his hand and caressed Xu Hui’s long hair.

When De Shun saw this scene from beyond the light screen, despair appeared in his eyes, and a hatred he had never felt before rose within him. All of it was directed at Su Ming.

It might seem unreasonable and others might not be able to understand it, but it took root in De Shun’s heart as he continued blaming Su Ming for what happened. That hate overtook his mind.

However, that hatred hid a deep sadness. When De Shun’s gaze landed on Xu Hui, it became greater and turned into tears. They fused with his blood and landed on his clothes.

The pain in his heart when he looked at Xu Hui made him feel as if his body was about to be torn apart. He turned around swiftly and transformed into a long arc. He wanted to leave the place that broke his heart. He might know that Xu Hui had never belonged to him, but he could not accept this. He also understood that he was being unreasonable… but he still hated Su Ming.

This hatred would make him exact revenge without regards of the cost. He would search for a chance to kill Su Ming with madness and desperation fuelling him. He might be too weak right then, but he knew how to bear troubles patiently. He buried the hate deep in his heart to wait for a day when it could be allowed to spill out from him.

Xu Hui’s gaze landed on De Shun who was already leaving into the distance. A complicated look appeared in her eyes, but at the same time, there was a cold, fierce glare in them.

“The matter with that person is connected to my oversight. I will handle this. There is a sect called Ninth Summit in my memories, is it yours?” Xu Hui asked softly.

Su Ming nodded.

Xu Hui did not speak. Once she walked out of the light screen, she turned into a long arc and rushed off after De Shun. There was a chilling intent around her.

“You don’t have to kill him. After all, if not for him, we would not have met each other right now,” Su Ming said slowly.

Xu Hui did not stop for even a moment and did not say a single thing. She simply left into the distance and disappeared into space.

Su Ming stared after her, then sighed softly. This matter was slightly complicated. There was no right or wrong in it. Su Ming did not have the right to handle this, and the only person who did was Xu Hui herself.

In silence, Su Ming swept his gaze across the cultivators of South Union in the area.

“Go to the Ninth Summit. From now on, you will be disciples of the Ninth Summit.”

As Su Ming’s words echoed in space, the five hundred thousand cultivators in the area bowed to him, then turned into long arcs that left into the distance. They naturally knew where the Ninth Summit was located since their initial goal of coming was to destroy it.

As the cultivators in the area left into the distance, the galaxy regained its silence. Su Ming had forced down the powerful sensation of the laws of fate in him, but when the area became quiet, it rose up again. He moved his gaze slowly to the whirlwind in the distance.

“On the other side of the whirlwind there are still quite a number of cultivators from South Union…”

A brilliant light lit up in Su Ming’s eyes. But when he was about to step into the whirlwind, a great sense of danger suddenly rose in his heart. It was life-threatening, which was something Su Ming had not experienced for some time. It caused killing intent to spread out from his body, and next to him, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe lifted his head with a growl.

“Begone!”

He had only said one word, but the universe instantly distorted and became a muddled mess. Space disappeared as if the entire universe had turned into a black hole. Ripples spread out, and an indescribably mighty pressure swept out in every direction.

The whirlwind disintegrated straight away. It did not do so in one spot, but the space in Su Ming’s line of vision completely disappeared in an instant. An unparalleled will descended in that area and swept outwards. A domineering intent that could destroy all lives was contained within it.

In fact, Su Ming felt as if the entire galaxy had been crushed. However, it instantly gathered together once more. This scene caused Su Ming’s heart to tremble. He then heard a muffled sound in the disintegrated whirlwind.

A woman coughed up a mouthful of blood. She moved back swiftly and in an instant disappeared into the distance.

As she left, the life-threatening sense of danger instantly disappeared from Su Ming’s heart.

Soon after, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe lifted his right hand calmly. He beckoned to the area where the whirlwind had disintegrated, and a ball of blood went to him. It floated to his palm and distorted for a moment before turning into an ice phoenix that charged straight towards the old man’s eyes.

He let out a cold snort. He did not do anything else, but the ice phoenix froze in front of him.

“Summon that divine mirage of the Dragon of Destruction from your soul. This thing will be a very good supplement for it,” the old man said faintly.

“Divine mirage of the Dragon of Destruction?”

A thought appeared in Su Ming’s heart. He immediately summoned the black Dragon of Destruction above the top of his skull and had it charge at the ice phoenix.

It devoured the phoenix in an instant and threw its head back to roar. Its body grew to two thousand something feet before it returned to Su Ming’s soul.

“Within Dark Dawn, those who have divine mirages filled with cold attribute are Wu’s Spiritlings. This race’s souls are like spirits, and they call them divine mirages. That black Dragon of Destruction of yours is a supreme entity among the Spiritlings because one of the original forms of the three Ancestral Spirits the Spiritlings respect was a Dragon of Destruction.

“The person who wanted to attack you just now is a Spiritling. That lass actually tried to fight back while fleeing after I shouted at her. From this alone, it can be seen that she is quite powerful. You… Without being in your God of Berserkers Transformation state, you are not her opponent. Do you want me to get rid of the problem for you?” the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe asked flatly and cast Su Ming a glance.

Su Ming was silent. With his intellect, there was no way he would not be able to guess that the woman was a Spiritling. Since a Dragon of Destruction was born in the nucleus of his soul, it was more than enough for him to know that the portion of the soul’s power which belonged to his mother’s race had awakened.

Perhaps this was the reason behind why the woman had come. Judging by the looks of it, she was hostile to him, but Su Ming shook his head and did not speak. He merely kept this in mind.

“I will handle this matter myself. Since I can only fight against her when using the God of Berserkers Transformation, then once I Possess True Morning Dao World…” Su Ming said calmly.

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe smiled faintly and did not push the matter. Instead, he cast a glance in the direction in which the woman had disappeared as if he was deep in thought.

Su Ming took a step forward. Since he had already decided that he would bring forward his schedule to Possess True Morning Dao World, he moved through the whirlwind without any hesitation. His goal was to turn all the remaining cultivators of South Union into his laws of fate.

Once Su Ming left into the distance and stepped into the whirlwind, the ripple from the ring appeared under his feet, making his speed to be so fast that he instantly disappeared without a trace.

…..

In a certain region within True Morning Dao World was an area where space distorted, and when it did, a woman walked out. She was dressed in a long blue robe, and her beautiful face was pale at that moment. When she appeared, blood immediately trickled down the corners of her lips.

She staggered a few steps backwards. When she turned her head around to look behind her, a murderous look appeared in her eyes, but within it was a hint of shock and astonishment.

‘Who is that old man?!

‘That person’s power is so terrifying that it is incredibly rare to find someone else with his power in the 180 Expanse Cosmoses in Dark Dawn. With one growl, he instantly made the galaxy shatter before it gathered together again. It shattered my body as well, which injured my original soul…

‘His existence is practically on par with the three Sovereigns of Dawn!’

‘This person… is definitely an Antecedental Spirit as well!’

The woman was pale. The terror on her face only disappeared after a long while had passed. When it did, her expression suddenly changed again, and she coughed up blood once more.

‘My divine mirage fused… No, it was devoured by the Dragon of Destruction!’

The woman gritted her teeth, and annoyance appeared on her face. She had not attacked back then, but when she saw Su Ming step into the whirlwind, she had unwittingly let loose a hint of killing intent.

But there was hesitation and complicated emotions in her killing intent. However, once it attracted Su Ming’s attention, it had caused the old man to attack, startling her so much that she fled after his single growl.

‘An existence like that old man will stay beside the boy for only a little while. He won’t stay for long. There will come a day when he will leave.’

The woman was silent for a moment, then brought out some medicinal cores with her right hand and swallowed them. Then, with a single move, she turned into a gust of cold that disappeared into the galaxy. She had to search for a place to regulate her cultivation base. The old man’s growl had injured her original soul, and she wanted to avoid him temporarily.
