# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1219

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Time trickled by, and three days passed. Su Ming charged through the whirlwind under Arid Triad’s gap. The ripple from the ring surrounded him, which allowed his speed to be even faster than normal. The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe was by his side. He would occasionally lift his head and gaze at Arid Triad’s gap, but he looked calm, which didn’t let other people tell what was on his mind.

After a long while, the old man said languidly, “Within a year, the tribes of Wu and Shu will descend through Arid Triad’s gap. Right now, the two sides are starting to show signs of reaching a compromise to the war they waged beyond the gap…”

Su Ming was silent. He might not be able to see things as clearly and as detailed as the old man, but he could deduce that it was impossible for either Saint Defier or Dark Dawn to win the war. It would end with both sides reaching some sort of agreement and descending at the same time.

Instead of saying that the war was a fight to determine who will obtain Arid Triad’s gap, it would be better to say it was a fight to gain the initiative to modify and limit the other party.

At that moment, it would be apt to say that Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos was in grave danger. In truth, Su Ming was not the only one who was struggling to make himself stronger. There were plenty of cultivators who were searching for serendipities to become stronger everywhere in the other True Worlds.

Only by making themselves stronger could they build a foundation that would allow them to survive the upcoming disaster.

But compared to them, the serendipity Su Ming obtained in the broken True Morning Dao World was much greater. The areas he could exploit were also more complete, because the entire True Morning Dao World could be used by him. Due to a large number of deaths and the damage dealt to True Morning Dao World, Su Ming had the chance to Possess a True World.

Resolve appeared in his eyes at that moment. While he charged through the whirlwind, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe kept on staring at Arid Triad’s gap above them. With his power, he could see plenty of things Su Ming could not. He could see the war in the world beyond, and he could see the galaxy belonging to Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos as well as the powerful warriors within it.

“Making this gap, what a move…” the old man mumbled, and a strange light appeared in his eyes.

“Arid Triad’s will ignore those who have not become Antecedental Spirits and will not bother about those who have not surpassed Death Realm… So it’s impossible for those foreigners to have created this gap. Even if they worked together, they still couldn’t fight against Arid Triad’s will.

“Only a cultivator of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos cold make this gap, and he couldn’t have surpassed Death Realm. He also couldn’t be an Antecedental Spirit.

“But because of it, it’s practically impossible to open a gap… This gap did not appear by accident, but was bound to be formed… It isn’t just a tunnel for Wu and Shu to descend, but also… a path for all tribes in Wei to rush out of Arid Triad!

“If Arid Triad’s will had not acknowledged it… there is no way that this gap could have formed!”

The old man’s murmurs reached Su Ming’s ears, and he came to a sudden stop, but soon, he continued charging forward.

“Arid Triad’s will, Arid Disaster… I will soon find the truth of your relationship. Let’s see whether my guess is truly correct. It should… come again soon…”

A dark light shone in the old man’s eyes. He did not speak again and averted his gaze from Arid Triad’s gap.

Another day went by like that. When Su Ming had been charging for approximately four days, he rushed out, completing his journey through the entire whirlwind under Arid Triad’s gap. At the instant he appeared, Su Ming saw the galaxy over at the other side of True Morning Dao World.

It was where Yin Death Region and South Union were located.

Su Ming swept his gaze across the area, then charged into the distance, heading to the spot where he located South Union when he used his divine sense to scan the place.

It was a continent formed by various floating pieces of land. It was incredibly huge, and there were five planets surrounding it. Each planet had a Protection Rune, and together they formed a great Rune that enveloped the continent within it. From the distance, it looked like a gigantic ring of light.

There were three cities on the continent. They were the core regions of South Union, and each of them was defended by a union leader in Death Realm. However, as of then, there was only one South Union leader left among the three cities.

The other two had died in Su Ming’s hand on the other side of the whirlwind.

As for the five planets beyond the continent, they were kept in an incredibly good condition. They were the five great forces of power belonging to South Union besides the three cities. They were five rather powerful and prosperous races.

At that moment, each person in South Union felt danger looming over their heads. There were less than three hundred thousand cultivators in South Union, but each of them had used their own methods to learn of the destruction of their army dispatched for an expedition.

Their dread became especially strong when the three hundred thousand cultivators chosen to control the Ancient God had died simultaneously. The hearts of the cultivators of South Union had trembled at that moment.

All the Protection Runes on the five planets had been activated, which further proved the people’s terror, causing South Union to be enveloped in panic.

But none of them had expected that Su Ming would arrive so soon. In just four days, he had moved through the whirlwind and arrived right outside South Union’s doorstep.

As he stared at the distant South Union, an aloof look appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. To obtain a sufficient amount of laws of fate so that he could make the final preparations to Possess True Morning Dao World, he cast his strongest divine ability on South Union without any hesitation the instant he approached it.

“Mountain Shifter!”

The world rumbled, the galaxy trembled, and one hundred thousand mountains appeared with a howl outside South Union. They instantly charged at the protection formed by the five planets. They descended in an instant with an astonishing bang.

The five planets jolted simultaneously. The continent they surrounded, too, trembled. The three hundred thousand cultivators in the land were shocked awake. When they flew up and raised their heads, their expressions instantly changed. They saw one hundred thousand mountains beyond the Protection Rune ramming down on them continuously with an earth-shaking presence.

But that was not all. In just a few breaths, at the instant the Protection Rune formed by the five planets distorted and trembled, a ghastly voice traveled through the galaxy. There was a chilling tone in that voice along with a heinous murderous aura.

“Mountain!”

The voice only uttered one word, but the instant it landed in the ears of all the cultivators, the mountains on the five planets shuddered together and rose from the ground as if they had become sentient and wanted to rush out to worship their king.

There were also countless mountains on the continent. They rushed out at that moment, and from the distance, millions of mountains could be seen charging into the sky like sharp blades. With piercing whistles, they rammed themselves against the protective screen of light from within.

As the one hundred thousand mountains belonging to Su Ming descended as well, an astonishing bang came from the screen of light formed by the five planets. It shattered straight away and disappeared. In the eyes of all the cultivators, the world turned into a world of mountains.

“Ocean Remover…” Su Ming said faintly from beyond their world.

Black light shone on his body, and the Light of Extreme Darkness spread out over one hundred thousand feet, causing the galaxy to turn completely black. The black light looked like it had turned into an ocean that charged towards the five planets and the continent that had lost their protection.

Wherever it went, all the mountains would shudder, and the vision of almost all the cultivators turned dark. They instantly lost their consciousness. Their minds were enveloped by a layer of cold.

But at that moment, five gigantic pillars of light shot out of the five planets. They belonged to the Enchanted Vessels placed on the five planets, which were South Union’s killing moves. Once they shot out, the five planets immediately started withering before Su Ming’s eyes.

The Enchanted Vessels had absorbed the five planets’ Essence. They spared no pains, even causing the planets’ death, to shoot out the five powerful pillars of light. Each one of them could force back a powerful warrior in Death Realm, while together they could seal off the entire area where Su Ming was, and they were so fast that it felt as if there was life contained in them. It was a madness that would constantly linger in them and would not disappear unless they died, even if they could not hit Su Ming in one strike.

When he saw the five pillars of light charge towards him, a glint shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He raised his right hand and struck the top of his skull. A black dragon of one thousand something feet immediately shot out with a roar.

When the Dragon of Destruction appeared, it roared at the five pillars of light, and the whole galaxy seemed to tremble. A boundless amount of freezing aura instantly gathered around him from all directions as if the Dragon of Destruction was the master of cold, and it could summon all the cold air in the galaxy to itself.

As cracking sounds echoed in space, the five pillars of light were instantly frozen. Ice swiftly spread through them, and in the blink of an eye, it spread through the five planets, turning them into blocks of ice.

A loud bang shot up, and the ice shattered. The five planets crumbled as well. The Dragon of Destruction then returned to the top of Su Ming’s skull. With an aloof expression, Su Ming took a step forward and stepped onto South Union’s continent.

When his food landed, the continent shuddered with a bang. Cracks instantly spread out as if the continent was about to fall apart.

“I am Ninth Summit’s Great Sect Elder Mo Su! From today onwards, South Union will exist no longer. All of you will now offer up your souls and surrender!”

Su Ming’s voice echoed in the area with an imposing tone. At that moment, mountains surrounded the sky of South Union while there were cracks and loud rumbles coming from everywhere on the ground. The shattered ice from the five planets around them were still shooting out into space, and the Light of Extreme Darkness surrounded the area like a tidal wave that had been swept up from the surface of an ocean and would spill down on them at any moment.

It would not be a lie to describe this sight as the world on the verge of ruin.

This scene along with Su Ming’s voice echoing in the air immediately created an indescribable presence that broke the hearts of all the cultivators. Even those in Death Realm would tremble under it.

After a long while, a voice filled with complicated emotions came out from the broken continent. Gradually, it was followed by other people saying the same thing.

“We are… willing to surrender…”

As many voices came from the ground when the cultivators offered their souls, Su Ming’s will of an Antecedental Spirit descended on them and turned into a cry of heaven that swiftly enveloped the area. Once Su Ming left his Brand on the hearts of the three hundred thousand cultivators, a vast amount of laws of fate came to him.

This vast increase allowed Su Ming to see hope in Possessing True Morning Dao World!

‘I want to Possess… True Morning Dao World!’

Su Ming swiftly lifted his head like a wolf revealing his fangs!
