# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1220

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The power of laws of fate are divided into external and internal fate. Su Ming could sense that he had left his Brand on many cultivators’ souls and felt that those people’s destinies were in his hands. With this method, he could forcefully turn all of those cultivators into his own fate.

This Art was not something honorable, but Su Ming did not care. All that mattered to him was making himself stronger before the disaster descended, because only by doing so he could have the ability to protect those he wanted to protect.

The three hundred thousand cultivators in South Union, the five hundred thousand cultivators on the other side of the whirlwind, the hundreds of thousands of cultivators from New Dao Sect, and the people in Ninth Summit might not total to two million, but once the power of this much external fate surged into Su Ming’s heart, his aura increased exponentially.

At the same time, it was as if one million something glowing spots appeared in his mind. They might have been weak, but they continuously exuded a presence that strengthened Su Ming’s soul.

With the cultivators serving as his external fate, he could fuse them into his heart and turn it into his internal fate. With the power he would gain once he perfected internal and external fate, he could make the universe tremble. If he used it along with his cultivation base, he could envelop the galaxy with his soul, then with his will, he could replace True Morning Dao World’s will!

This was the path Su Ming had chosen, and he had already traversed most of it. At that moment, as the one million something laws of fate gathered in his mind and Su Ming closed his eyes, a storm began raging in his heart.

Booming sounds echoed in his mind. All the glowing spots fused into Su Ming’s soul, making him feel as if he had split into one million parts. He felt as if he could sense every single person’s thoughts and past. In fact, he felt that if he wanted to, he could instantly turn into every single person linked to him.

‘Gather… the internal fate!’

At the instant Su Ming opened his eyes and a ray of dark light appeared in them, his aura increased by leaps and bounds. Right after, a power just a sliver away from Death Realm erupted from him in abundance. It was his cultivation base.

It was not as powerful as his physical body, but to Su Ming, as long as he could gather the laws of fate on himself, he could reach a state of completion, and his cultivation base would break through Life Realm and truly move into Death Realm!

In fact, if he successfully Possessed True Morning Dao World, Su Ming’s level of cultivation would jump to a terrifying Realm. He had no idea how strong that Realm would be, but he knew that if he succeeded… he would be True Morning Dao World!

At that time, at his thought, True Morning Dao World would rise to power, and he dismissed it, True Morning Dao World would die!

And since True Morning Dao World was part of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, if he was successful in his Possession, Su Ming would ascend to an even higher plane of existence. Then, he would truly be able to call himself a part of Arid Triad.

Besides the Abyss Builders, no one else in the entire Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos could do this. In fact, based on the words of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe, the will to control the abyss filling True Morning Dao World had immediately allowed Su Ming to determine that he was not the only one who wanted to Possess True Morning Dao World. Su Xuan Yi, too, wanted to do it!

At that moment, Su Ming had come to understand what was going on. As the laws of fate gathered on him, he understood another truth.

It was not only because he was sealed and Di Tian was lurking around outside that Su Xuan Yi had isolated himself in Morning Dao Sect. It was because he had a crazy ambition. It originated from the words he had shouted at True Morning Dao World the year his wife died.

“This World shall be built for Abyss!”

These words might be an Art and a Curse. But no matter what, from that moment onwards, Su Xuan Yi had started making preparations to Possess True Morning Dao World. From then on, be it the war between the Immortals’ Union and Morning Dao Sect or the gap torn in Arid Triad, Su Xuan Yi’s madness was hidden in everything.

As he continued making his preparations and weakened True Morning Dao World bit by bit so that the will to control the abyss filled it and caused more people to die, it reached a state where it could be Possessed.

It might be because his soul was not that of an Antecedental Spirit which made him unable to Possess the True World just yet. There were still some problems lurking around for him, but before long, once he completed the final stage of his plans, he would immediately Possess True Morning Dao World.

Su Ming had come to completely understand this once he returned.

“I’m faster,” Su Ming muttered, and the one million something glowing spots in his body melted to fuse together with his soul.

Once they did, a loud bang echoed in his head, and his soul instantly grew endlessly. During that moment, all the cultivators who were Branded by Su Ming shivered.

While trembling, the three hundred thousand cultivators below Su Ming knelt down and worshiped him. On the other side of the whirlwind, the cultivators from Ninth Summit, New Dao Sect, and the five hundred thousand cultivators from South Union who had surrendered did the same.

At that moment, a figure appeared in their heads. That figure… belonged to Su Ming.

At the moment it appeared in the minds of one million something cultivators, it meant that Su Ming had perfected his external fate and that once his internal fate fused with it, it would reach a state of near perfection.

When booming sounds echoed in Su Ming’s mind like drum rolls, they also echoed in the minds of the one million something cultivators. The map of a galaxy immediately appeared in Su Ming’s eyes, as if his eyes had become the galaxy itself. The light within his eyes was the light from the planets.

His soul grew and his will spread out rapidly at that moment. A feeling that he was in control of his own destiny and his own laws of fate immediately rose in Su Ming’s heart. It was a feeling akin to being the will of heaven, and it made it easier for Su Ming to be the will of heaven, since it provided a great help!

The appearance of this aid meant that Su Ming’s internal fate… had been perfected!

His cultivation base broke through Life Realm at that instant and moved into Death Realm. This meant that his physical body and cultivation base were in Death Realm at the same time, and it also meant that Su Ming’s offensive abilities had become stronger again.

A piercing, bright light appeared in his eyes. He made his mind scatter, and his will of an Antecedental Spirit spread out to replace the will of the universe in the area before it turned into the will of heaven that swiftly spread in every direction.

At the same time it spread out, the will to control abyss with Su Ming’s Brand which filled all of True Morning Dao World seemed to turn into a path that guided Su Ming as his will spread out, allowing him to swiftly increase his speed.

When his will covered all of True Morning Dao World, he would begin his Possession!

Almost at the instant Su Ming spread out his will, a sigh echoed faintly in the sealed Dao Ocean within Morning Dao Sect…

“So finally… someone is here to replace Morning Dao, huh?”

It was also at that moment that Su Xuan Yi opened his eyes while in the palace floating in the galaxy within the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. There were seventy-nine oil lamps around him. Sixty-three of them were lit.

‘Damn it, this person really wants to replace True Morning Dao World! It’s mine! This is a chance to Possess it I created after preparing for countless years! It’s mine!

‘No matter who you are, how dare you try snatching True Morning Dao World from my hands?! What right do you have to snatch it from me?!’

A hint of anxiety appeared in Su Xuan Yi’s eyes. He cast a glance at the burning oil lamps around him, then gritted his teeth.

‘No matter. Even if there’s still a bit left, I cannot afford to wait any longer!’

Resolve appeared in Su Xuan Yi’s eyes. He shut them and had his divine sense spread out with a bang so that it would rapidly fuse into the sixty-three burning oil lamps!
