# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1221

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

‘The seventy-two oil lamps symbolize my soul ascending seventy-two times. By doing so, I can temporarily allow myself to obtain the will of an Antecedental Spirit. When I Possess True Morning Dao World, I will successfully have my soul ascend, and I will… become an Antecedental Spirit even without using the Spirit Ascension Hall!

‘And that inert Predecessor of Dao Ocean has been sealed in that endless Dao Ocean. It has a tight connection with True Morning Dao World, which is a telling sign that it is True Morning Dao World’s servant.

‘It will then become the servant of whoever becomes True Morning Dao World… It’s a pity that I only have sixty-three oil lamps lit right now. If I could have more time…’

Su Xuan Yi’s soul swiftly spread out and turned into sixty-three portions to fuse into the sixty-three oil lamps. In an instant, they began to shine more brightly, and their light grew stronger.

As the light spread out endlessly, it enveloped the entire palace. Then it went forward as if it had entered space, and with a unique method, it allowed Su Xuan Yi’s will to appear in True Morning Dao World.

“This world shall be built for Abyss!”

The Su Xuan Yi who appeared in True Morning Dao World was the soul and the mind. The next moment, his voice spread out in an unseen manner.

At the same time, Su Ming’s soul spread out in True Morning Dao World, and his voice too echoed in space in an unseen manner.

“This world shall be built for Abyss!”

Two Abyss Builders were about to Possess one object at the same time. This sort of thing was incredibly rare. Even when the Fifth True World was still around, Abyss Builders would not readily do such a thing.

This sort of Possession would not allow two people to Possess half of the same object in the end. Instead, the two would have to fight each other over it to the death. Unless one of them gave up beforehand, they would have to fight until a victor emerged.

If Su Ming’s struggle and subsequent escape from Su Xuan Yi’s control was a fight in the dark, then right then, it would be straightforward battle between Abyss Builders.

There was only one True Morning Dao World. Whoever Possessed it would be the winner and obtain the right and the upper hand in surviving the next disaster. This was something Su Ming knew, and it was also something Su Xuan Yi understood.

It was a battle about which no cultivator in True Morning Dao World knew about, and one outsiders would not notice. At the instant Su Xuan Yi’s mind fused into True Morning Dao World, it began.

Su Ming sat in space when his soul spread out with a bang. The will to make the Abyss grow extended swiftly, and the constant ripples made his soul spread out, gradually covering distances further and further away from him. When he enveloped the entire True World, just like when he had asked the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe to help him leave his Brand in the will to make the Abyss grow, he saw countless broken planets in True Morning Dao World, the whirlwind, and the cultivators.

At the same time, he saw another will within True Morning Dao World. It was filled with an invasive air as well as a supreme, domineering air. It was as if all those who antagonized it would be brutally killed by it.

At the instant he noticed this will, Su Ming knew who it was—Su Xuan Yi!

Su Xuan Yi’s will had also noticed the person whom he hated to the core and who he treated as the person who snatched his chance as well as someone who wanted to steal the thing he had prepared for tens of thousands of years to enjoy the benefits for himself.

“Su Ming!”

A storm immediately raged in Su Xuan Yi’s mind, but within it, there was also disbelief. No matter what, he had not expected that Su Ming, who should have become a mortal, would be the cultivator who wanted to snatch the fruits of his preparations.

At the moment the two people’s souls noticed each other, the very first unseen crash between them happened in True Morning Dao World.

“You ungrateful wretch! How dare you fight your father for True Morning Dao World?! You’re asking for death!”

Boundless killing intent wafted off Su Xuan Yi. His will charged towards Su Ming’s soul with a bang. By the looks of it, he wanted to use his will of an Antecedental Spirit which came from using the sixty-three oil lamps to kill Su Ming straight away.

He did not care what method Su Ming had used to obtain the same right as him to Possess True Morning Dao World. He did not care whether Su Ming had outside help. In Su Xuan Yi’s eyes, no matter how strong the outside help was, their strength would fall far behind that of Su Xuan Yi himself, and it was especially so when Possessing True Morning Dao World. This action relied on a person’s soul and will. In this aspect, Su Xuan Yi was incredibly confident in himself.

‘Unless he’s a real Antecedental Spirit, then no one can shake the will of my soul right now!’ With confidence and killing intent, Su Xuan Yi swept up his soul and instantly sent it crashing forward.

Su Ming was silent. In truth, he still had a myriad of mixed feelings in his heart while faced with the person he had regarded as his father in the past… but Su Ming had also completely cut off that false father and son love when the Seed of Life Extermination was extracted from him. He might have mixed feelings in his heart, but when he came face to face to Su Xuan Yi’s soul, a chilling intent appeared in his soul despite him remaining silent.

The next moment, Su Ming’s soul acted without any hesitation and charged against the incoming Su Xuan Yi’s will. He did not use any divine abilities, no Arts, or even his physical body. He only used his soul and will to crash against him. This crash would not cause any sort of bang, but during the instant their souls and wills collided against each other, a loud rumble swept through all of True Morning Dao World was stirred up.

Booming sounds surged into space and enveloped the entire galaxy. Many broken planets shattered straight away. The galaxy distorted, and cracks appeared in it. The cultivators who survived instantly turned pale, and their cultivation bases became chaotic. The blood in their bodies seemed to have stopped flowing as well.

A feeling as if the world was being destroyed immediately rose in each cultivator’s heart.

Only Su Ming alone could hear Su Xuan Yi’s disbelieving voice. When the two people’s souls and wills crashed, Su Xuan Yi’s soul fell swiftly backwards. Su Ming’s soul, too, tumbled back. The two of them were on par on the first collision!

However, Su Xuan Yi knew that his soul and will was not Su Ming’s opponent. While their first crash might have made it seem as if they were equals, six of his sixty-three oil lamps were extinguished straight away, leaving him with only fifty-seven oil lamps. When all the oil lamps were extinguished, he could no no longer Possess True Morning Dao World, and it would mean that he had failed.

More importantly though, he had to complete his Possession or leave before it happened. Otherwise, if all the oil lamps were extinguished and his soul as well as his will were still in True Morning Dao World, he would never be able to return to his body.

‘How can this be? How can this ungrateful wretch’s soul… be so strong?! Someone is helping him. There must be someone helping him… It’s impossible that his soul has surpassed mine! I’ve already taken a leap and become an Antecedental Spirit! It’s impossible that he can fight against an Antecedental Spirit!’

Su Xuan Yi’s soul fell back in disbelief and no longer came into contact with Su Ming. Instead, he swiftly began Possessing True Morning Dao World.

‘He’s not an Antecedental Spirit, but used a unique method to forcefully make himself raise to the status of an Antecedental Spirit. But by how anxious he is, there should be drawbacks to this method. He can’t… last for long!’

Su Ming had his soul move. In an instant, he grasped the key of the problem. That was why when his soul fell back, he started Possessing True Morning Dao World as well.

If anyone compared the huge True Morning Dao World to a person’s body, then whoever between Su Ming and Su Xuan Yi could occupy more of it within the shortest period of time would seize the upper hand. As long as the person continued holding onto it, their chances of success would be increased.

If True Morning Dao World’s will was a blank slate, then it would be much easier for Su Ming and Su Xuan Yi to Possess it. However, True Morning Dao World’s will was sentient, and it would not just allow them to Possess it.

The instant Su Ming and Su Xuan Yi began Possessing True Morning Dao World, a will which was weak but still great enough awakened. It appeared within True Morning Dao World. The will was ancient and had the mighty pressure of a True World. It was a supreme life form, a noble existence which even the wills of Antecedental Spirits would have to avoid.

It was True Morning Dao World’s will. Originally, it was a hundred times stronger than it was right then. It was one of the four Worlds of Arid Triad, so it was definitely not something a cultivator could compare to. However, Su Xuan Yi’s preparations and plans that spanned tens of thousands of years had weakened True Morning Dao World’s will bit by bit until it was severely weakened… This went until the will reached the threshold beneath which it could be Possessed despite appearing as if it was still an unbeatable force.

If True Morning Dao World’s will was slightly stronger, Su Xuan Yi would not have been able to forcefully Possess it due to it being a higher state of being, but right then, while it was difficult, it was still within his capabilities.

But it was different for Su Ming. After all, he was a real Antecedental Spirit who had received his inheritance from All Spirits Hall. Because of it, Su Ming’s chances of being successful in the Possession business were higher than those of Su Xuan Yi.

After all… he had time, while Su Xuan Yi did not have a single moment to spare.

Even if Su Xuan Yi had yet to bring out his moves which he had prepared for tens of thousands of years, Su Ming, too, still had the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe.

To Su Ming, this was a battle he would definitely win.

‘Su Xuan Yi… there is no way you will win this time.’

Su Ming’s soul spread out swiftly. With the will to make the Abyss grow as his lead, he crashed and fought against True Morning Dao World’s will while continuously Possessing and occupying it. His soul was the will of an Antecedental Spirit, and all the places he covered would instantly turn into his will of heaven. This also meant that those places would be completely separated from True Morning Dao World’s will and become a galaxy which belonged to Su Ming’s will.

The fight and Possession of the two people against True Morning Dao World’s will might have seemed to have no dangers involved, but distortions that caused True Morning Dao World to roar had been stirred up in the outside world. The remaining cultivators in the True World had pale faces. Almost all of them had a strong feeling that… the galaxy seemed to have split into three portions. There were three wills that caused them to tremble, and they were madly devouring each other.

‘What is he doing?!’

Beyond a planet that had shattered due to the distortions formed by Su Ming and Su Xuan Yi’s Possession of True Morning Dao World was Su Ming’s aunt… The beautiful woman had a slightly pale look at that moment. She stared at the galaxy and sucked in a breath when disbelief appeared on her face.

‘He… wants to Possess this World?!’

The woman’s heart trembled. She was shocked by Su Ming’s actions.
