# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1222

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

It was a fight between three wills. One of them was True Morning Dao World’s, and it was fighting back fiercely. It absolutely would not allow itself to be Possessed. Once it happened, everything about it would be wiped off. The struggle was its natural instinct to live.

The other two wills belonged to Su Xuan Yi and Su Ming. The two of them were wary of each other while swiftly occupying True Morning Dao World. A battle on three fronts went on fiercely as loud booming sounds echoed in True Morning Dao World.

Su Ming continuously sent his soul and will outwards. In the blink of an eye, he had already occupied one-tenth of True Morning Dao World, and he was still going on. Due to the existence of the will to make the Abyss grow, Su Ming’s soul could fill up True Morning Dao World much faster.

As for Su Xuan Yi, after his initial clash against Su Ming’s soul, he no longer wanted to fight against him. Instead, he fought against time to occupy True Morning Dao World. To him, time was precious, and it was the key to his victory.

In the blink of an eye, seven days went by. To others, they might have been just an instant, but to Su Ming and Su Xuan Yi, it felt as if several years had gone by.

The expansion of their will over True Morning Dao World caused the feeling as if they had turned into the True World fill Su Ming and Su Xuan Yi’s hearts. This feeling grew stronger as they occupied more land, and the sensation of his will becoming stronger caused Su Ming to imagine the glory he would receive in the future in this path he was certain to take.

When the eighth day arrived, Su Ming’s soul occupied nearly three-tenths of True Morning Dao World. The further he progressed, the harder the Possession became. The resistance from True Morning Dao World’s will caused a large amount of ripples to appear in Su Ming’s soul. If it was not because he was an Antecedental Spirit, his will might have shattered a long time ago. He then would have become a soulless, living dead.

The will of an Antecedental Spirit provided great aid to Su Ming at that moment, helping his soul not to collapse. No matter how strong True Morning Dao World’s will was, it couldn’t Su Ming’s soul from spreading.

As he continued Possessing and occupying the True Morning World, epiphanies continuously rose in Su Ming’s heart. He could clearly sense his state of being raise ceaselessly, which made his soul become greater. The regions taken over by him were filled with his will, which turned into the will of heaven. It was a supreme will that allowed him to decide the life and death of the World with just one thought.

Yet while Su Ming was continuously occupying the True World, Su Xuan Yi was no slower. After all, he had been preparing for this for years. During the seven days, around a dozen of his oil lamps had extinguished. By then, there were only forty-one left, but he had also Possessed three-tenths of True Morning Dao World.

At that moment, a stalemate appeared between the three wills filling True Morning Dao World. It was difficult for Su Ming to continue because True Morning Dao World’s will had already reached an incredibly violent state. If he approached it in the slightest bit, he would feel as if his soul was about to shatter.

It was the same for Su Xuan Yi, and anxiety appeared in his heart. Three more of his oil lamps had extinguished, so he had only thirty-eight lamps left. His window of time was growing smaller and smaller. At that moment, he could no longer care much about anything else. His hate for Su Ming had grown to a heinous degree.

‘You ungrateful wretch!’

At the instant Su Xuan Yi’s will shouted those words in its mind, the thirty-eight burning oil lamps in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World looked as if a gust of wind had blown over them. They swayed simultaneously, and six of them were immediately extinguished, but because of it, the remaining thirty-two oil lamps instantly burned several times brighter than before.

In the meantime, on more than three hundred planets within the Emperor of Abyss’ True World were more than ten million cultivators sitting and meditating. They coughed up blood simultaneously, and their bodies instantly withered. It looked like their life force had been extracted to become the oil needed to make the flames burn brighter.

With the momentum provided by the light from the oil lamps burning brighter, Su Xuan Yi’s will instantly swelled up. While True Morning Dao World roared, the areas Su Xuan Yi occupied filled with endless lightning. He felt as if there was lightning swimming in his soul along with a blinding light, so the galaxies he had occupied were no longer dark but as bright as day.

At the same time, firelight filled his soul. This scene could be seen by those around him, but what they could not see was that Su Xuan Yi’s soul seemed to have become a huge lamp. When it shone, he occupied even more areas. From the previous three-tenths, he reached four-tenths, forcefully snatching one-tenth of the area belonging to True Morning Dao World’s will.

This was the trump card Su Xuan Yi had prepared!

“Do you need me to take action?” While Su Ming stared at that scene coldly, the voice of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribed echoed in his mind.

“Not for the moment.”

“Oh? That is also someone from Great Abyss Tribe. If you don’t take any action to stop him, True Morning Dao World won’t belong to you.” The voice of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe was calm, but there was a faint hint of curiosity in him.

“True Morning Dao World’s will may be extremely weakened, but unless the person Possessing it occupies all of it in one go… it will not be so easy to take it over. It would not have remained gasping for its last breath to this date if that wasn’t the case.”

Su Ming’s words were cold, and his heart was calm. He did not attack, but retained the three-tenths of the area belonging to him while he watched Su Xuan Yi and True Morning Dao World’s will clash against each other violently.

Booming sounds rose continuously in True Morning Dao World, stirring up uneasiness and fear in many cultivators. Even the cultivators from the Ninth Summit felt the same way. Only Su Ming’s senior brothers were watching the galaxy in the distance quietly.

They could vaguely sense that… one of the three wills in the galaxy was familiar to them. They felt as if they were looking at Su Ming.

Within the sealed Morning Dao Sect was the Predecessor of Dao Ocean silently watching all of the happenings. It did not take any action but only waited quietly for the final results. It was waiting for the arrival of the person who Possessed True Morning Dao World, if anyone eventually succeeded, that is.

Booming sounds echoed in space. With the vast power of the firelight, once Su Xuan Yi occupied four-tenths of True Morning Dao World, he pounced on True Morning Dao World’s will once more. He had to do this. It did not matter whether it was attacking Su Ming or Possessing True Morning Dao World, he had to continuously spend the power of the firelight, since he could not waste any time. That was why he temporarily let Su Ming off the hook and chose to focus all his power on Possessing True Morning Dao World.

Still, he retained some strength to prevent Su Ming from suddenly coming over. He had been preparing for the Possession for tens of thousands of years, but the end result came up to be so frustrating. This made Su Xuan Yi feel so much hate for Su Ming that he wanted to tear him apart alive.

While True Morning Dao World’s will continued shrinking and Su Xuan Yi occupied it forcefully, a flash of crimson suddenly shone. It was like a sharp blade that instantly charged at Su Xuan Yi.

No one besides Su Ming and Su Xuan Yi could see the red flash. This was not any divine ability, but a drop of blood gathered together by countless laws. It blood was crimson and contained in it was a power that could destroy all lives. It was a drop of origin blood which True Morning Dao World’s will had formed from its own body.

When the red light shone, the blood touched Su Xuan Yi’s soul and immediately broke down without a sound to turn into a layer of red fog. It instantly fused into the soul, and Su Xuan Yi roared. The thirty-two oil lamps in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World swayed simultaneously, and three more were extinguished. Once there were only twenty-nine left, the remaining light immediately became brighter to fight against the red fog.

But at that moment, eight more drops of blood swiftly came from True Morning Dao World’s will. When they flew out, they gathered together to form a long red blade. It swung on Su Xuan Yi despite a boundless distance between them.

With it, Su Xuan Yi’s soul fell swiftly backwards. A small portion of him was cut off. When he fell back, the four-tenths of the galaxy he had occupied shrank to only three-tenths.

Su Ming’s eyes shone at that instant. Once he sent a divine thought to the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe, his soul moved with a bang and charged at Su Xuan Yi.

“Senior, please help me by temporarily trapping True Morning Dao World’s will. Let me have some time to fight against Su Xuan Yi!”

Su Ming did not ask the old man to help him persecute Su Xuan Yi. He… wanted to personally take action and make him lose his right to fight in the battle to Possess True Morning Dao World!

When his divine thought echoed in space, Su Ming’s soul and will instantly closed in on the retreating Su Xuan Yi. He did not use any divine abilities, Arts, or Enchanted Treasures. Instead, he simply had his will of an Antecedental Spirit turn into the will of heaven and crash into Su Xuan Yi.

Booming sounds surged into space and reverberated through True Morning Dao World, causing ripples to appear in the galaxies. Space was torn, and planets roared while the cultivators were in shock.

Su Xuan Yi let out an unresigned roar in his soul. “Ungrateful wretch!”

The attack had instantly extinguished two of his twenty-nine oil lamps in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, which meant that only twenty-seven remained.

Su Ming’s soul surged forward. He did not stop and crashed into Su Xuan Yi again. His presence screamed that he would not stop until he died. It also contained the complicated emotions Su Ming had towards his past, his intent to die back then, and his counterattack towards his previous destiny.

Booming sounds reverberated through space, and Su Xuan Yi’s roars grew even shriller. When he collided against Su Ming, his oil lamps were reduced from twenty-seven to twenty-five, then to twenty-three, and the area he occupied shrank from three-tenths to two-tenths. The remaining portion was mostly occupied by Su Ming’s soul, and the moment the other showed weakness, he started invading Su Xuan Yi’s territory as if he was showing his fangs.

“I was never your son to begin with! On what grounds can you call me an ungrateful wretch?!

“You used me for years by planting the Seed of Life Extermination in my heart. When I learned this, I gave up on life, and from that moment onwards, there was no longer a bond between us.

“Right now, I am Possessing True Morning Dao World… If you dare snatch my future path from my hands, we will never be able to live under the same sky!”

When Su Ming sent his divine thought forward, his soul crashed violently into Su Xuan Yi’s, and loud bangs surged into space. Su Ming also suffered pain as if he was about to shatter from his constant attacks, but his heart was full of viciousness. He was certain that Su Xuan Yi would not be able to last long, so he crashed into him again and again.
