# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1224

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Once Su Ming mentioned the Dragon of Destruction, endless cold seeped out from within his soul, which was now a wick. That cold erupted and reached its coldest straight away. It filled Su Ming’s soul, making it feel like someone was howling within his soul.

When the roars began, a black Dragon of Destruction replaced Su Ming’s soul. At the instant it happened, a heinous, chilling aura spread out in every direction. It was extremely thick since it contained Su Ming’s will of an Antecedental Spirit and the one which had occupied about six-tenths of True Morning Dao World. Due to this, the cold was so great that it almost instantly froze the wick within it.

This could be said to be the cold of Su Ming’s life. It gave off a feeling as if it could not live under the same sun as the sea of fire, as if there could not be two suns under the same sky. When it spread out, cracking sounds could be heard. Not only was the wick frozen, even all the flames in the area, including the fire hands forming seals were completely frozen.

At that moment, Su Ming’s aloof voice traveled out flatly from the Dragon of Destruction’s mouth.

“Shatter!”

Once the word resounded in space, the ice on the wick shattered. The fire in the area and the two hands broke down as well.

At the same time, Su Xuan Yi’s body shuddered in the palace within the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. A layer of frost had covered his hands that had been forming seals, and the oil lamp before him was now a block of ice. When cracking sounds rose into the air, the ice shattered, and the oil lamp was immediately reduced to pieces.

Su Xuan Yi’s face was incredibly sullen. He looked as if he was completely unbothered by the frost on his hands. Instead, he stared at the shattered oil lamp. As his expression changed a few times, his face grew even more sullen.

In True Morning Dao World, when the ice around Su Ming shattered and the sea of fire and the wick were crushed, his soul rushed out as if it had been freed from a cage.

Like a bolt of lightning, Su Ming merged the region Su Xuan Yi had occupied earlier—one-tenth of True Morning Dao World—with his soul, which meant that he had nearly seven-tenths of True Morning Dao World at that moment. It could be said that he had complete advantage in his hands.

“Thank you, senior,” Su Ming said in a divine thought. This thought reverberated through True Morning Dao World and stirred up booming sounds that shook the hearts of all the cultivators. It was like the might of heaven.

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe did not speak. He retrieved his power and no longer held back True Morning Dao World’s will. The instant he released it, the will of True Morning Dao World let out enraged roars.

Instead of saying that this rage was a form of emotion, it would be more apt to say that it was a type of instinctual fear. As True Morning Dao World’s will, it did not have any sort of emotions, but as a life form surpassing cultivators, it still had a natural instinct to desire to live.

It instinctively sensed a great threat from Su Ming. This threat was so strong that it could make it disappear, causing it to lose its meaning to exist from then on, which was why True Morning Dao World’s will immediately went into a state akin to madness and gathered up a large amount of its origin blood.

“It’s useless…” Su Ming whispered softly. “Morning Dao World has ended…”

Su Ming’s soul swiftly moved. When it tumbled in all directions, he charged at the remaining three-tenths of the galaxies occupied by True Morning Dao World’s will.

“A new era is about to arrive…

“It is an era that no longer belongs to you and the past. It is an era that belongs to me, Su Ming…

“From now on, I will replace you and become the greatest will in this World. It will still be named Morning Dao, and this World… will be my True Morning Dao World!”

Su Ming’s divine thought echoed in space as booming sounds tumbled in the area. The galaxies he occupied—a seven-tenth in total— went crashing down fiercely against the spot where True Morning Dao World’s will was.

A loud bang shot up. Su Ming’s will and True Morning Dao World’s will crashed against each other fiercely. This was a deathmatch. It was True Morning Dao World’s instinctual and crazed resistance and struggle. It did not want to disappear. It did not want to cease to exist.

But Su Ming had to Possess True Morning Dao World. His state of being had to go through a metamorphosis after he became True Morning Dao World so that he would have the right to survive through the upcoming disaster.

He also did not want the secret of the universe he saw in Heavenly Incense Rune… to come true one day. For that… he could give his all. No matter who blocked his path, Su Ming would crush them with the momentum he brought forth as he tread down his path. From the moment he decided to Possess True Morning Dao World…

No one could stop him from becoming a powerful warrior!

“My… True Morning Dao World!” Su Ming’s soul roared.

When he crashed against True Morning Dao World’s will, he brought forth a cruel Possession. He invaded the galaxies where True Morning Dao World’s will was, and once he turned them into his galaxies, he turned them into the will of heaven to nourish his soul.

A bizarre event none of the cultivators could see was happening in True Morning Dao World. There were two great wills battlign in space. One was rapidly weakening and being replaced but was still unresigned to its fate, and the other was constantly devouring and Possessing the former with a domineering air, an unswerving determination, and firm persistence.

The clash between the two wills stirred up loud bangs in True Morning Dao World and made it shatter. Cracks continuously appeared in the galaxies, and space tumbled about as if it had become an illusory ocean. Planets crumbled, then showed signs of gathering together again.

The hearts of millions of cultivators trembled together. Their cultivation bases, their flesh and blood, their souls, and their everything seemed to have been thrown into chaos due to the two wills fighting against each other in the galaxy at that moment.

The Possession was cruel. It was one life rising to power in exchange of another life dying. The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe stared at space. He watched Su Ming rising to power step by step and True Morning Dao World’s will gradually weaken. He was waiting… for the moment Su Ming would succeed.

The stronger Su Ming became, the quicker the Arid Disaster would descend, and it meant that the time he needed to spend suffering while waiting would be shortened. Soon, he could fight against the Arid Disaster!

Su Ming’s aunt, the beautiful woman in blue was also in True Morning Dao World at that moment. She sensed the battle between the two wills in the galaxy, and her face was pale. There was bewilderment in her eyes. In her mind, True Worlds could not be Possessed. They were a life form that had existed since ancient times, which was not something a cultivator’s will could replace.

Because of it, the event seemed like madness to her. Yet it also filled her with a reverence that made her heart shudder. It stemmed from Su Ming’s will, a respect she had for him because she was not someone from the four Great True Worlds.

Su Ming’s senior brothers sensed the event as well, and it was especially so for Hu Zi. He was the manifestation of a Rune Spirit, which was why he could sense the changes in the universe especially strongly. He was much more attuned to it than other cultivators. Even those who had a higher level of cultivation than him would not be as sensitive to the universe as Hu Zi.

At the instant he sensed that his youngest junior brother was one of the two wills, he also sensed that he was the will that was replacing True Morning Dao World, and he had already moved to the final stage of his Possession…

Second senior brother might not be as good as Hu Zi when it came to perception of the universe, but he was a Heavenly Phantom. He was not a cultivator, but another form of life born in the universe, which was his understanding towards the forms of life surpassed Hu Zi’s.

He could sense a powerful life becoming stronger in the galaxy, as if he was going through a metamorphosis. When his strength reached a boundless state, he would turn into a True World.

And the familiarity coming from this life allowed second senior brother to not even need to think about who it was. He could find the source of that familiarity straight away… It was his youngest junior brother, Su Ming!

Due to him not possessing a head, Su Ming’s eldest senior brother had to rely more on his other senses. He might not be as perceptive as his two junior brothers, but his instincts told him that the drastic change in the galaxy right then was largely related to Su Ming.

The Predecessor of Dao Ocean in Morning Dao Ocean was also paying attention to the event. It stared at the galaxy and at Su Ming while waiting quietly for the moment he succeeded.

The slumbering Rune Spirit in Heavenly Spirit Rune even showed a sign of waking up at that instant, but it quickly disappeared. Only a single sigh came from within.

“He still… moved down the path laid out for him by the secret of the universe…”

Once the sigh scattered, the Rune Spirit of Heavenly Spirit Rune did not wake up but continued sleeping.

As the change in True Morning Dao World occurred, the eternally spinning Yin Death Vortex started showing signs of stopping.

They grew more prominent with time. Judging by the looks of it, before long, the vortex would completely stop moving. When seven days passed and the eighth day arrived, Yin Death Vortex stopped, but it only lasted for a few breaths before it started spinning again. However, when the vortex resumed spinning, it spun in the opposite direction than before.

At that moment, Morning Dao Sect’s Dao Ocean started raging furiously, and the hearts of countless cultivators in True Morning Dao World roared as if there was a voice echoing in them with an awe-inspiring might.

Su Ming’s senior brothers also noticed that… there seemed to be only one of the two wills left in the galaxy!!

“He… succeeded…” the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe said languidly while smiling faintly.

“He actually succeeded!” The breathing of the woman in blue quickened. There was still disbelief on her face.

True Morning Dao World rumbled, and those sounds were no longer muted. Instead, they could be heard by all the living. Those rumbles seemed to be everywhere. They echoed continuously in all of True Morning Dao World.

The galaxy no longer distorted, the space no longer cracked, yet everything in True Morning Dao World moved in reverse at that moment. A feeling of a newborn instantly filled the entire True World.

Su Ming Possessed True Morning Dao World’s will and wiped off its existence. He occupied True Morning Dao World and spread his will of an Antecedental Spirit outwards to cover the entire galaxy before he turned it into the will of heaven.

His state of being was continuously rising, and his will could descend in every corner of True Morning Dao World. With a single thought, he could destroy True Morning Dao World; and with another thought, he could make True Morning Dao World live!

He opened his eyes, and the corners of his lips curled up in a smile. When he lifted his right hand, a vortex of a galaxy appeared on his palm. He lowered his head and stared at it as if he could see himself there.

“My… True Morning Dao World.”

End of Arc 5.
