# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1227

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The blue-robed woman’s pupils shrank in a barely noticeable fashion before they swiftly returned to normal. She swept her gaze around the area before finally fixing her eyes on Su Ming.

“Sit.”

When Su Ming said that faintly, a thin cushion appeared before the woman out of thin air. A table manifested in front of it with fresh fruits and wine. But that was not all. Almost at the same time, a person’s figure appeared as well.

It was a boy who lifted the pot of wine with an expressionless face. Once he filled Su Ming and the woman’s cups, he took a step back and stood there, still as a statue.

The boy had appeared due to Su Ming’s thought, just like how the table. It could be said that Su Ming’s thoughts were the origin of all matter in this True World of his.

The blue-robed woman might have seemed as composed as ever, but when she saw what he did, her heart trembled. She understood this sort of divine ability very well, and based on the execution, she could immediately deduce that Su Ming had been successful in his Possession of the True World.

After all, this sort of divine ability surpassed the limits of what a cultivator could control. This was an Art only possible for a True World, and it would be known as a true divine ability in her homeland.

Su Ming was calm and his words were slow. Catching the woman through space, shifting her over to his side, then revealing the Manifestation Art that allowed him to create things out of nothing were all part of his plan. His goal was to form a mighty pressure that would envelop her heart.

It would be so strong that it could force another to submit without fighting. Su Ming had gone through many hardships for many years, and such a tactic came naturally to him. He did not intentionally put on any sort of airs, but his casual actions brought a hint of nervousness to his aunt.

There was only a speck of this feeling at the start, but it gradually spread out, and the woman instinctively chose to obey. She sat down cross-legged on the thin cushion, and the instant she did so, she came to a swift understanding. From the moment she entered, everything about her seemed to have been affected by Su Ming’s presence. When she was completely enveloped in it, she began doing things based on his requests.

Even if the act of sitting down might seem minor, in truth, it was also a form of obedience.

When the woman sat down, a faint smile appeared on Su Ming’s lips. He picked up his wine cup. Once he took a sip out of it, he put the cup down and shut his eyes. He no longer spoke, and the place sank into silence.

The longer Su Ming remained silent, the greater the mighty pressure on the woman became. The feeling soon became oppressive, pressing down on her heart. It caused a crease to slowly appear between her eyebrows.

Su Ming’s growth was so quick that it caused her to be apprehensive. Before he Possessed the True World, she was confident that she could keep him in check, but now… as she sat before Su Ming, she no longer had that confidence, because the entire True World was his clone.

The mysterious person who had injured her gravely with one growl in the beginning was another one of the sources which caused her to be nervous.

That was why when the time it takes an incense stick to burn passed calmly, the blue-robed woman broke the silence by taking the initiative to speak.

“Are your principles of treating guests are to give them the silent treatment?”

The woman’s voice was icy. When she spoke, her entire face grew cold, and her nervousness could no longer be seen. It was as if she had turned into an ice mountain.

“I am wondering how I should address you. Who is my mother to you?” Su Ming opened his eyes and calmly stared at the beautiful woman before him.

Once he Possessed True Morning Dao World, he could tell with just one glance based on the woman’s presence that she did not belong to the current Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos. She came from the universe beyond, and Su Ming did not sense a presence alike those of the Eight Paramount Daos from her.

Instead, she gave off a feeling like the Seed of Life Extermination. This feeling was also similar to that of the locust. That was why Su Ming could immediately tell that she came from Dark Dawn.

She also harbored killing intent towards him. But more importantly, Su Ming sensed a hint of familiarity from her. It came from his soul and the Dragon of Destruction.

If he connected all of this together and was still unable to deduce where the woman came from, then Su Ming was not worthy of surviving through all the schemes and dangers he experienced in his life.

The woman was clearly from his mother’s race, the Spiritlings from Dark Dawn’s camp!

The blue-robed woman’s face was aloof, but her heart sank. Su Ming had exposed her origins with just one sentence, causing her to remain quiet for a while before she decided to speak.

“Your mother is my older sister,” she said coldly.

Su Ming’s eyes focused. He stared at the woman before him with a faint, aggressive glint in his gaze. His eyes were like two sharp arrows piercing through her to look into the depths of her heart.

To the blue-robed woman, Su Ming’s gaze seemed to have gathered the light from the entire True World. It turned into a mighty pressure she could not resist. It was so strong that it caused her to suck in a sharp breath while disbelief filled her eyes. Su Ming’s strength made her feel that if he wanted her dead, he could do so with just one thought.

‘He has just finished his Possession and has not stabilized his new clone yet, so how could he have completely mastered the presence of the True World!’

The blue-robed woman’s expression changed. As if there was blood in her throat, it trickled down the corners of her lips.

“You are not,” Su Ming said faintly.

After saying that, he averted his gaze. The mighty pressure on the woman’s body instantly disappeared, but the coming and going of it made her relax after the initial nervousness, and it had indirectly caused her to use up a small portion of her cultivation base. This immediately shocked her.

After a period of silence, she said with complicated feelings, “I am not related by blood to the previous Sacred Lady, but all the Sacred Ladies of the Spiritlings are related to each other as Master and disciple, and we all refer to each other as sisters. I stayed by your mother’s side until she passed away.”

“Passed away…”

Su Ming fell silent. He might have already thought of this a long time ago, but when he heard it with his own ears, a melancholic feeling still filled him due to being unable to find her. She was the mother he had never met before, a mother who belonged to the distant Dark Dawn’s camp and was completely different from the woman in the fifth kiln, Su Xuan Yi’s wife.

Perhaps he had seen her the moment he was born, or even for a few years after that, but it had simply happened too long ago. It was so long ago that Su Ming no longer had the memory of that time… but the grief still arose within him. With mixed feelings and a soft sigh, it spread to an unknown spot at the bottom of his heart.

“That is why your mother is my Master and also my older sister.” The blue-robed woman enunciated each of her words clearly while looking at Su Ming.

“I descended to this True World to bring you back to the Spiritlings. You have already awakened to the soul of the Dragon of Destruction. You cannot stay in the world outside. The Spiritlings are also your people.

“But… you Possessed True Morning Dao World and formed a True World clone. I know that it’s impossible for you to leave this place and come back with me to the Spiritlings…

“Since that is the case, then I can only give this to you. Before she passed away, your mother asked me to give it to you should I locate you one day.”

When the blue-robed woman said those words slowly, she lifted her right hand, and a wooden sword the size of a palm appeared on her hand.

The wooden sword was completely black, but if anyone stared at it for a prolonged period of time, they would find their vision becoming muddled. It was as if the color of the sword was continuously changing.

At the instant Su Ming saw the sword, a thought suddenly formed in his mind. He could sense a thick presence belonging to Abyss Builders on the sword. It was incredibly old, and it surrounded the sword. It formed a great murderous aura which was so thick that it seemed to affect the space around. It caused the world of Morning Dao Sect created by Su Ming’s will to show signs of cracking.

And all of this was merely due to the presence of the sword. If Su Ming could brandish it and utilize its presence, its might would definitely increase exponentially.

But that was not all. The moment Su Ming focused his gaze on the sword, it swiftly began buzzing and shuddered rapidly on the blue-robed woman’s palm. It was as if the sword had a spirit, and once it sensed an Abyss Builder’s presence, a drastic change immediately occurred.

The buzzing sounds became stronger, and the murderous aura instantly surged into the sky. It had appeared out of nowhere, stunning the blue-robed woman. After all, the sword had been in her possession for many years. There was no way that she had not investigated it, but no matter how she had tried to Brand it, she could not control it in the slightest bit. It was like a dead object.

Yet the shivers from the wooden sword and the tumbling murderous aura at that moment made it seem as if the sword had met its destined owner. The change in the situation caused the woman to instinctively want to curl her fist and hold onto the sword, but the moment she wanted to do so, the wooden sword let out a buzz and disappeared from her hand.

When it reappeared, it was right before the center of Su Ming’s brow. Without stopping for even a single moment, it charged into it.

Su Ming did not dodge. Once he saw the sword, a connection to it had instantly arisen in his heart that spoke of familiarity to it. He simply allowed the sword to touch the spot between his eyebrows and break his skin. A drop of blood fell off and landed on the sword.

Purple light instantly shone from the wooden sword. It was a light formed after the red of his blood fused with the black on the wood. When it shone, the blood on the sword was absorbed. It fused into the lines on the wood, and the sword immediately grew.

In an instant, it grew to be seven feet tall. The whistles of the sword sounded like cheers that had been suppressed for tens of thousands of years. When they echoed in the air, the sword rapidly spun around Su Ming.

The air around Su Ming distorted from it. The part of the world he had created around himself distorted as well, and a vortex resembling a black hole appeared. It was as if the sword could break all forms of will.

“This is Great Abyss Tribe’s racial vessel. It is… Seven Swords, a vessel on par with Great Berserker Tribe’s Barren Cauldron! This is the End of Wills Sword of the Seven Swords!”

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe appeared beside Su Ming. He stared at the spinning wooden sword around Su Ming with disbelief on his face.

“It… has been preserved so well?!”
