# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1228

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“End of Wills Sword…” Su Ming’s eyes sparkled.

When he lifted his right hand, the purple wooden sword moved in a flash and landed in his hand. At the instant Su Ming held it, his body jolted. The murderous aura of the sword surged into his body through the palm.

The murderous aura was incredibly strong, and there was a killing intent in it that was as cold as ice. It swam in Su Ming’s body like it wanted to destroy it.

Su Ming frowned, but did not stop it. He simply allowed the murderous aura to enter his soul. At the moment it touched it, the murderous aura instantly transformed and turned into a gentle aura that swam through his body.

At the same time, the purple sword in Su Ming’s hand lost all of its killing intent and let out a clear sword whistle, making Su Ming feel as if he had become one with the sword.

“The End of Wills Sword is the third of the Seven Swords. It can put an end to all wills and destroy illusions as well as reality. When it cuts into bodies, no blood will spill. It will simply destroy the soul directly! This is the Sacred Vessel of Great Abyss Tribe. I didn’t expect that it would have been preserved in such a good condition over so many times. After all, the Sacred Vessels from the other tribes have all been crushed during the disaster…

“Su Ming, this sword… is more powerful than your ring. It had the entire universe at its beck and call in the past, and right now… it is peerless in Arid Triad.”

The old man from Arid Triad stared at the purple sword in Su Ming’s hand. The light in his eyes was incredibly bright, which hadn’t happened when he’d seen Su Ming’s ring in the past, and it was a telling sign of the origins of the End of Wills Sword as well as its strength.

Su Ming lowered his head to cast a glance at the purple sword. He naturally understood that if he was not an Abyss Builder, then when the murderous aura entered his body earlier, the sword would have had its killing intent erupt in his body so that it would kill him.

Even though the sword could not kill Su Ming, its ability to wear away at his soul still made him apprehensive. The purple sword he held in his hand could make his power increase by three-tenths of what he previously possessed by itself!

The blue-robed woman sucked in a deep breath. This sword had been in her hands for many years, but she had never seen anything like that before. When she saw the purple sword acknowledge Su Ming as its owner and heard the clear sword whistles as if it was cheering, she could not help but feel a little envious in her heart.

But that envy swiftly disappeared. The sword did not belong to her, so it was only natural for it to not acknowledge her as its master.

The blue-robed woman’s face regained her aloof look. She stood up and said, “I’ve delivered the sword. There is no need to stay here any longer.”

Su Ming lifted his gaze from the purple sword. He cast a glance at the blue-robed woman before saying languidly, “I won’t be sending you off.”

“You seem to want me to leave as soon as possible,” the blue-robed woman suddenly stated.

“You are the one who wants to leave. I will naturally not force someone to do something against their will.” Su Ming’s face was calm as he stared at the woman.

“I descended from Dark Dawn and delivered this sword to you across two Expanse Cosmoses. I am even your elder, and you are not offering me a word of thanks?” the blue-robed woman asked coldly.

Su Ming raised his eyebrows.

“If the Dragon of Destruction did not appear and I had not received any help, would this sword still be in my hands?” Su Ming asked faintly. His voice was not loud, but his tone was sharp, causing the mighty pressure in the area to instantly become much stronger.

“You…”

The blue-robed woman was rendered speechless for some time. Then, she let out a cold harrumph, turned around, and took a step into the air. In an instant, cold air spread out from her. It immediately turned into the image of an ice phoenix. At the moment the cold air filled the area, the ice phoenix turned into an ice mirror.

It contorted as overlapping shadows manifested within it. This was the same method Su Ming had used to shift her into the place, but in reverse. She was using the same method to disappear.

This was the blue-robed woman’s counterattack. With the divine ability she used to leave, she launched a counterattack against Su Ming for suppressing her in every way ever since she had come to his place. She used the chance to leave to show what was outstanding about her.

Su Ming’s expression remained the same. He watched the blue-robed woman leave. Regardless of whether she left or stayed, he did not care. With a calm gaze, he lowered his head and stared at the purple sword in his hand. After a long while, he murmured to himself,

“Seven swords… I wonder if the others are still around. Does Su Xuan Yi have them?”

While he was mulling over it, Su Ming swung his right hand. With one thought, the purple sword shrank and turned into a purple light that entered his mouth. When he swallowed it, it was placed in his body and nourished by his Nascent Divinity.

Once the one hundred something Relocation Runes in Morning Dao Sect were activated, the near ten million cultivators from New Dao Sect and South Union all joined the Ninth Summit under Su Ming’s second senior brother’s management. They disappeared into the Relocation Runes in batches and entered Morning Dao Sect’s dimension.

Besides them, the bases of the three great forces of power in the world outside and some of the resources they could use were all sent into Morning Dao Sect.

Half a month later, when almost all the cultivators of the Ninth Summit entered Morning Dao Sect, the silent world became alive once more.

Since Morning Dao Sect was too big, a mere ten million something people entering did not occupy much space. Because of that, most of the continents were sealed off.

As the only and strongest force of power in the True Morning Dao World, the Ninth Summit, under the control of Su Ming’s second senior brother, started a round of searches through all of True Morning Dao World with the one hundred something Relocation spots from Morning Dao Sect as a foundation.

They looked for the cultivators who had not been found by the three great forces of power. Once Su Ming delivered a jade slip to the search teams, they became even more thorough. The jade slip contained tens of thousands of cultivators Su Ming had seen scattered at the borders of True Morning Dao World. They were mostly cultivators with unfathomable levels of cultivation and lived on their own, with few of them gathering together in large numbers. The biggest group only numbered to hundreds of people.

As the search teams continued their rounds, more people continuously joined the Ninth Summit. With the one hundred something Relocation spots, the patrol team formed by second senior brother to oversee the True World was sent to various regions of True Morning Dao World once in a while. The regions close to the three Great True Worlds were their main focus.

There was another focus besides those places. Su Ming’s second senior brother sent quite a number of powerful cultivators to Arid Triad’s gap located within the whirlwind. They were to pay attention to all changes at all points of time. If there was even the slightest hint of change, they were to notify the sect straight away.

Once he discussed it with Su Ming, second senior brother sent some cultivators out. They were led by the old monster in Death Realm, who was the only person in Death Realm left from South Union and who had Su Ming’s Brand in his heart.

They went to True Sacred Yin World and the Fourth True World to restore communications with these two Great Two Worlds and notify them that Morning Dao Sect had been destroyed while Ninth Summit had risen to power.

This was important because with the restoration of their lines of communication, they could tell the two Great True Worlds that Ninth Summit was currently the biggest sect in True Morning Dao World, and that they would shoulder the responsibility of constantly keeping watch over Arid Triad’s gap. If there were any changes, they would immediately notify the other True Worlds about it, and they could also invite those from the other two Great True Worlds to enter True Morning Dao World to personally observe Arid Triad’s gap.

During this moment of crisis, they had to form an alliance so that the cultivators from True Sacred Yin World and the Fourth True World could come over. When Dark Dawn and Saint Defier descended, they had to fight against them together. To get some upper hand, they should form a barrier earlier.

As for repairing the gap… this was impossible. If the cultivators from Arid Triad showed any signs of wanting to repair the gap, they would immediately come face to face with the disaster. It would be better if they did not repair it, not that they could do it.

Earlier, due to the whirlwind and chaos in True Morning Dao World, as well as interference from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, True Sacred Yin World and the Fourth True World could not step in, which made it difficult for them to make good preparations for the disaster. They could only give up on True Morning Dao World and prepare for war in their own True Worlds.

Right then, since True Morning Dao World had regained its order and found a way for large numbers of cultivators to move through the whirlwind, things were different. With Ninth Summit taking the initiative to invite them, they could come to True Morning Dao World and prepare for their battle against Dark Dawn and Saint Defier there.

The Emperor of Abyss’ True World was not within Su Ming’s considerations. To him, after Su Xuan Yi left True Morning Dao World, the place with the highest possibility where he would head off to was the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. Since things had turned sour between them and they reached a state where they would not rest until one of them died, there was no need to form any sort of connection between them.

However, once second senior brother heard Su Ming’s thoughts, he refused to follow his decision with a sinister smile. He sent a messenger to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, insisting on forming a connection with them and inviting them over.

When Su Ming saw his second senior brother’s sinister smile, he did not further insist on not having anything to do with the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, knowing full well that as a Heavenly Phantom, his second senior brother was highly skilled in the areas of scheming and plotting against others.

Once the envoys left for the three Great True Worlds, there was no longer anything left for Su Ming to attend in Ninth Summit. The Predecessor of Dao Ocean was in this place. If anyone dared offend them, he would not just watch it like in the past, which meant that Su Ming did not need to stand as garrison around the place all the time.

Besides, the time limit of one year before the Arid Disaster arrived was not long. Once it was over, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe would leave, regardless of whether he lived or died through the encounter. With such a matchless powerful warrior around him, it was only natural that Su Ming would use the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe.

His goal… was Yin Death Vortex!

Second senior brother had to stay and manage Ninth Summit while Hu Zi had to spend all of his time and attention on strengthening the Runes. This concerned Ninth Summit’s safety when the disaster descended on them in the future, so it was difficult for Hu Zi to relax even for a moment.

Eldest senior brother would then have to lead ten million cultivators in the war during the disaster. This meant that he couldn’t leave so readily either. That was why after a round of discussion among the brothers, it was decided that Su Ming would head off alone for his trip to Yin Death Vortex.

Su Ming’s main goal was to release the seal on his senior brothers, and the method to do so… was to kill the ancient wills in Yin Death Region.

Su Ming did not have the confidence to do so in the past, but at that moment, it was not impossible for him.

On the day half a month later, near Yin Death Vortex, a Relocation Rune connected to Morning Dao Sect shone with a brilliant light. Once its light disappeared, Su Ming showed up.

By his side was the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe… and on Su Ming’s other side was the bald crane, who had been kept away for far too long and was finally let out. The bald crane was vibrating in excitement at that moment. It cast a sideways glance at Su Ming and swore in its heart that it would never stay in his storage bag ever again while murmuring that he had a terrible memory. If he forgot it again, the bald crane had no idea when it would be allowed to get out and have a breath of fresh air.

Besides, it looked forward to their trip to Yin Death Region. Its anticipation could even be said to have turned into manic enthusiasm.

“Darn it all, if you become successful and don’t return to your homeland to brag, that’s just like wearing beautiful dresses but walking in the dark and having no one to admire it. Who was the person who said this in the past? No matter, I know it, I’ve always known it.

“This time, I have to go back. I have to return to the tribes in the land of Shamans that worshiped me before. I have to go the tribes who have seen through my disguise before and went after my life. Heh heh, I’m going to make them regret treating me that way in the past!”

The bald crane was so excited that it was vibrating. In fact, it was not able to control itself and howled a few times…
