# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1230

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When Su Ming Possessed True Morning Dao World, he had formed his True World clone. He might be in Yin Death Vortex at that moment, but he was already such a high level of being that he was not something the puny dragon formed by the aura of death could offend.

It was similar to how a ruler was not to be easily offended even if they were not in their home territory.

Once he chased away the dragon formed by the aura of death, Su Ming moved forward and stepped into the crack leading to the Berserkers’ world, but at the instant he did so and his body was about to disappear, his expression changed.

He looked slightly puzzled and slightly surprised, but soon, a hint of shock appeared on his face while his expression changed.

Su Ming sensed a power of laws of fate so thick that it was difficult to put into words. There were about two hundred thousand of them, and each of them was so strong that they were equivalent to around three hundred cultivators he had enslaved and Branded in True Morning Dao World.

This was to say that the power of the two hundred thousand laws of fate was equivalent to the power gathered by sixty million cultivators in the outside world.

This alone was enough to shock Su Ming greatly, but he was further surprised by the existence of another batch of laws of fate, which numbered to around one million, scattered around the land. Their power might not be as great, but each of them was equivalent to the power of a hundred cultivators in the outside world.

There was no way Su Ming would not be surprised by this. If he utilized these laws of fate, he would gain a hundred million something laws of fate measured according to the standards of the outside world. In fact, he could even send his True World clone directly into the land of Berserkers and turn it into a part of his True World.

Su Ming’s gaze focused. He stepped into the land of Berserkers without any hesitation. He could sense the density of the laws of fate clearly, but no form of will could absorb it, because there was a Brand in all of these laws of fate, and all of them… belonged to Su Ming.

Almost at the instant he disappeared, Di Tian opened his eyes while lying in the coffin situated in the red world within Yin Death Vortex. His will swiftly covered the entire world.

“I sense… Su Ming’s presence!”

As Di Tian’s will reverberated through the air, other wills immediately descended into the world, causing the sky and earth to rumble. The air distorted as if the apocalypse had begun.

“The time has not arrived for us to venture out. Let him… come as he pleases…”

“We are not to interfere… with Yin Death’s vortex…”

“It’s easier to hide traces of our whereabouts by dying… from Harmonious Morus Alba’s servant [1]…”

“Dark Dawn and Saint Defier’s descent, Arid Triad’s complete destruction… up to the moment it arrives… only then would it be time… for us to venture out.”

There was an ancient, archaic air about those wills. When they came into contact with Di Tian’s will, they gradually scattered. As they dispersed, the entrances to eight worlds in Yin Death Vortex closed up before disappearing without a trace. It was as if they had eternally disappeared from the tens of thousands of worlds.

…..

The sky in the land of Berserkers was no longer blue. Instead, it was brownish yellow. If anyone took a close look at it, they would be able to see a brownish yellow ring of light in the sky. It fused with the sun, and their light scattered high above.

If anyone cast their gazes over the world, they would find that the entire land was a vast expanse of sea. Oceans surged into the sky, and its waves were as black as ink…

Islands stood tall above the seas, but no continents could be seen. Perhaps the slightly larger islands were already treated as the continents of this place.

During the period of one thousand something years, the four continents seemed to have experienced another great destruction. Su Ming had no idea when they were shattered, but they had either sunk into the ocean or turned into lone islands.

It did not matter whether it were the Berserkers, Shamans, or the Fallen Berserkers, for they were all on the islands on the Dead Sea that were once the land of Berserkers. And they were still growing in numbers…

There was no longer any distinction between continents, and neither was there any differences between regions. The clans of the past had either disappeared or fallen to ruin. Few grew to power. The tribes of the past had also either been destroyed or been buried in the deep ocean. Hence… on a day a thousand something years later, there were few tribes that could be seen in the Berserkers’ world. There were also few clans that occupied a large area.

Most… were forces of power or unions formed once by people from various tribes and clans who just so happened to be on the same island.

From a historical perspective, the Berserkers had already transformed and moved out of the age of tribes. They had also moved out of the age of clans and sects to enter a path marking another sort of existence, where hundreds of families contended against each other. They were no longer limited to tribes and clans.

Too many stories were buried in the depths of the seas. Too many corpses were hidden in the wreckage within the ocean. There were also too many regrets and dreams that had either passed or vanished with the wind during the course of one thousand something years…

“The First God of Berserkers, Lie Shan Xiu, brought the Berserkers and made us rise to power for many years. The Second God of Berserkers did not live for long, but he did bring forth the belief that Berserker Bodies will not perish. The Third God of Berserkers left behind his will and beliefs, letting us know that we can sigh at the universe, but not wish anything from it.

“The Fourth God of Berserkers… Fourth God of Berserkers…”

A youthful voice echoed in the air from a flat valley among mountains located in a middle-sized island in the Dead Sea.

There were about a dozen children around seven or eight years old sitting there with long faces. One of the children was standing while talking about the Fourth God of Berserkers. It was clear that he had already forgotten what he memorized. He stared at the old man sitting in front of them with fear on his face.

The old man was dressed in sackcloth, and he had a head full of white hair. His face was full of wrinkles, and he was staring at the terrified boy with a stern expression.

“The Fourth God of Berserkers… the Fourth God of Berserkers…”

A young girl beside the boy sighed softly at that moment and said, “The Fourth God of Berserkers chased away and imprisoned the Immortals. His will and body will never decay for all eternity!”

Once she finished speaking, the boy let out a sigh of relief in his heart, but immediately spoke loudly.

“I’ve knew it, I…”

“Enough!” the old man sitting in front of the children said slowly. Once he spoke, the children immediately became obedient.

“You are all children of the Berserkers. You possess the blood of Berserkers. Remember this, you must keep the Gods of Berserkers in your minds. They gave up on everything in their lives for the Berserkers to rise to power.

“It is especially so for the First God of Berserkers, who created the system to bring the Berserkers to glory, and the Fourth God of Berserkers, who gathered together the scattered Berserker tribes with his own power and chased out the Immortals who enslaved all of us!

“You must remember these two God of Berserkers for your entire lives!” The old man’s voice gradually became stern.

The children immediately nodded. They knew well the names of the four God of Berserkers and would never forget them. The boy had really only hesitated for a moment due to being nervous.

“All of you will receive your Berserkers’ Initiation tomorrow. Whether or not you have the potential to walk down the path of Berserkers and receive the blessings of the Berserker Consort after you grow up to receive the will to walk down the path of the Fated Kin will depend on your serendipity…” The old man’s voice was no longer stern, but had turned kind.

“I want to become a Fated Kin!”

“I want to become a Fated Kin as well. That is the tribe left behind by the Fourth God of Berserkers. My father is a Fated Kin…”

The children immediately became excited and started causing a ruckus. Their youthful voices echoed in the morning, fusing with the sounds of the waves and traveling far and wide.

“It is not easy to become a Fated Kin. The Fated Kin is the only tribe that personally received their inheritance from Lord Su Ming before he disappeared… The cultivators in this tribe rose to power based on their Lives, and with Life Cultivation, they can change the world.

“If you don’t have the will to press forward with an indomitable spirit, it is impossible for you to become a Fated Kin, and you are not worthy of becoming a Fated Kin either,” the old man said slowly. As he spoke, he lifted his head and looked into the distance.

If anyone cast their eyes towards where he was looking, they would be able to see that there was an island on a spot in the sea not too far away from them.

The most distinctive feature about it was a huge statue. It portrayed a young man dressed in a long robe. He had his hands placed behind his back, and it looked like his hair and robes were lifted by the wind. He stared into the distance with a dignified look on his face while thick, mighty pressure spread out from his statue.

The mighty pressure surrounded the area, causing not a single sea creature to have the courage to take even half a step into a circular area of ten thousand lis around the island. All those who approached it swiftly left into another direction.

It could be vaguely seen that there were quite a number of figures worshiping the statue on the island…

There was zealousness and sincerity on those people’s faces. To the others, the statue before them was the Fourth God of Berserkers, but to all the Berserkers on the island, this statue was their soul, their Progenitor, the god who gave hope to their lives and created the Fated Kin.

None were allowed to offend the Fated Kin, and the Fated Kin rose to power on their own!

While the size of the island that belonged to the Fated Kin might not have changed over the course of the one thousand something years, the cultivators in it had reached around thirty thousand, and the place… had become known as the holy land to the Fated Kin.

In truth, there were thirty-three islands with Su Ming’s statues located in the Dead Sea. There were from thousands to tens of thousands of Fated Kin on each island.

They did not interfere with the fight between the forces of power among the Berserkers located on the countless islands on the Dead Sea. They were of a status that surpassed all forces of power and maintained the balance within the Berserkers’ world. They protected the seas, and they only had two enemies. One of them was the swarm of beasts that would appear once in a while from the boundless Dead Sea.

The other enemy was… the living beings from the outside world that would occasionally descend from the brownish yellow ring of light in the sky. Every single time either of the two showed up, the Fated Kin would move into action.

On usual days, they would devote their attention entirely into practicing cultivation and worshiping the statue so that they could give their lives away for their god.

Within the old man’s gaze was a mountain behind the statue in the Fated Kin’s holy land. It had a huge palace, which was not lavishly built, but was filled with an antique presence of the Berserkers.

It was similar to Great Yu Palace and stood tall and majestic on the mountain while light spread out from within it. That light was not piercing to the eyes. Its gentle brightness was a lamp on the Dead Sea. Once in a while, Berserkers from the other islands on the Dead Sea would come there and worship it.

Because living in the palace… was the most noble entity in the land of Berserkers at that moment. She might have refused to acknowledge it, but due to the need to maintain the stability among the Berserkers, she was assumed to be the concubine of the Fourth God of Berserkers. Her name… was Fang Cang Lan.

Translator’s Note:

1. Harmonious Morus Alba: The butterfly spoken in Berserker legends. Basically, every single time it flaps its wings, things die.
