# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1232

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Almost at the instant the three of them stopped moving, Su Ming walked out of the air. His face was one of composure. When he walked over, the expressions of the three people changed instantly.

It was as if time had flowed back. The explosive power around Fang Mu’s body was reversed and his body fell back. Yan Luan’s tears disappeared while she was in the distance, and her body fell back as well to return to Fang Mu’s side.

As for the old Zhou Shan, he lowered his lifted right hand and staggered hundreds of feet back. Only then did the power to reverse time around him disappear.

Once the divine ability ended, the old Zhou Shan’s expression changed drastically. A hint of shock and disbelief appeared in his eyes. He looked swiftly at Su Ming, but what he saw was a stranger’s face. However, that stranger’s face only brought to him an indescribable terror, intimidating him.

He could not tell Su Ming’s level of cultivation, but the power to reverse time just then had caused him to be unable to control his body and his soul. He could clearly understand that this person’s level of cultivation far surpassed his. The difference between them was like heaven and earth.

This feeling was far greater than when he met the powerful warriors of an older generation among the Berserkers. In fact, in his eyes, it was as if the world was lifting the stranger up even as he stood in the sky.

His breathing quickened, and he immediately wrapped his fist in his palm to bow deeply towards Su Ming without hesitation.

“I am Zhou Shan. Greetings, senior.”

“Zhou Shan…”

Su Ming stared at the old man before him. The scenes of the past surfaced in his mind before it was fixed on a moment many years ago. During that time, he was a Berserker who had yet to reach Awakening Realm. He then saw the old man descending with a magnificent presence like a deity and trying to kill Han Mountain’s ancestor.

At that time, Su Ming was like an ant. He could only lift his head and watch Zhou Shan descending with envy and longing in his heart. Many years had passed since then. When Su Ming saw Zhou Shan again, the scene from the past seemed to have been reversed.

“Freezing Sky Clan’s left preceptor…” Su Ming said slowly.

Zhou Shan’s expression changed slightly. He shuddered. He did not know why this senior whose level of cultivation he could not imagine knew of his past status in Freezing Sky Clan.

He did not remember Su Ming. In fact, he was simply unable to link the God of Berserkers Su Ming he came to know later to the young man who had watched him from the crowd in Han Mountain City.

Su Ming stared at Zhou Shan and only turned his head around after a long while to look at Fang Mu and Yan Luan. These two people were incredibly nervous at that moment, and their faces were very pale. When Su Ming looked at them, they immediately wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed deeply towards him.

“Greetings, senior. Thank you for lending us a hand just now.” Fang Mu sucked in a deep breath. When he said these words respectfully, Yan Luan bowed nervously by his side as well.

The heroic bearing she once had as the tribe leader of Lake of Colors Tribe could no longer be found. At that moment, she was only a normal woman who had a bit of charm and looked older. She was only a mother.

Su Ming stared at her. At that moment, her heart trembled. She could not tell what this person thought. Would what happened today simply be a powerful person helping them, or would they end up in an even more wretched state?

There was sentiment on Su Ming’s face, and his voice contained an ancient air. As he remembered how Yan Luan looked like in the past, he sighed. “You’ve changed, former tribe leader of Lake of Colors Tribe… You’ve changed too much.”

When Su Ming spoke, Yan Luan was completely stunned. She lifted her head and stared at him in a daze, but no matter how she searched through her memories, she could not find a person who bore Su Ming’s current appearance.

In her daze, she did not know what to say for a period of time. No matter what, she could not remember Su Ming, who she had even pestered slightly in the past…

“And you…”

The last person Su Ming looked at was Fang Mu. As he stared at him, a kindly look slowly appeared in his eyes. He looked at him like how a member of the older generation would look at a member of the younger generation. After all, to Su Ming, Fang Mu was just a child in the past, one who was naive but had provided him with quite the help.

When he saw that the child had grown but he could still find hints of the boy in his face, Su Ming’s smile filled with happiness. He lifted his right hand and patted Fang Mu’s head.

“You’ve grown,” Su Ming said softly.

Fang Mu’s heart trembled. He stared at Su Ming in a daze. Just like Yan Luan, he could not find Su Ming’s figure in his memories. His expression was one of confusion, but the kindly look in Su Ming’s eyes was clearly filled with sincerity and sentimentally, and this gaze… also made Fang Mu feel as if he had managed to locate a hint of familiarity, which made his heart tremble.

“The two of them are my old friends,” Su Ming said while turning his head around to look at Zhou Shan.

His voice was not loud, and he did not exude any sort of aura, but his power, especially after he Possessed True Morning Dao World, caused him to still be able to command the universe as he liked even while he just stood there. Right then, Zhou Shan, who was just in Berserker Soul, felt as if he was facing the heavens.

He felt incredibly nervous, and his body trembled against his will. He could not bring forth even a single bit of his power when he was before Su Ming. An indescribable wave of respect rose strongly in his heart.

Right then, once he heard Su Ming’s words, he quickly brought out a large number of Origin Flowers from his storage bag and handed them over respectfully.

“I did not know that these two fellow kinsmen were old friends of yours, senior. I hope that you will not blame me for this. I-I…”

Su Ming took the Origin Flowers and handed them over to Fang Mu before he cast a glance at Yan Luan.

“Will this be enough? How is your child?”

“It’s enough, it’s enough. My child has a weak constitution and was poisoned by the Dead Sea’s Approaching Snake. This Origin Flower is the main herb needed to create the antidote. Thank you, senior!”

Excitement appeared on Fang Mu’s face. He bowed to Su Ming again, and Yan Luan, feeling confused but grateful in her heart, did so as well.

Su Ming’s lips curled into a faint smile. He cast a glance at Fang Mu again. The child in his mind slowly overlapped with the current Fang Mu. He shook his head before he turned around to take a step into the air. His figure gradually disappeared from the trio’s sights.

Su Ming might have left, but even if someone gave Zhou Shan ten thousand boosts of courage, he would still not have dared to attack Fang Mu and Yan Luan. Right then, he could only wrap his fist in his palm in a slightly awkward manner before he turned around and immediately left into the distance.

Once only Fang Mu and Yan Luan were left in the sky above the Dead Sea, the two of them stared at the Origin Flowers, then at Zhou Shan leaving into the distance in a pathetic manner. A feeling as if they were dreaming filled their hearts, causing them to cast each other a glance. They saw the confusion in each other’s eyes.

Yan Luan hesitated for a moment before she asked softly, “Who… is that senior?”

“I don’t remember him either…” Fang Mu remained silent for a moment before he sighed. He still could not remember where that hint of familiarity came from.

“But no matter what, this is a good thing. With these Origin Flowers, Lin Er will be saved.”

A loving look belonging to a mother appeared on Yan Luan’s face. As she mumbled under her breath, she turned into a long arc with Fang Mu to charge towards the island where they lived.

After about the time it takes an incense stick to burn since they started flying, Fang Mu’s heart suddenly shuddered while he was charging forward. During the whole time, he had been thinking about who Su Ming was.

Right then… he seemed to have remembered something, but the answer left him in even more disbelief. In fact, when he stopped, he turned his head swiftly. His expression changed, and his breathing quickened in a manner that had never happened to him before.

“I… I think I remember him now, but this is impossible. It’s impossible that it’s him. He… He came back? But he doesn’t look the same… But… But besides him, there’s no one else!”

Yan Luan came to a stop and looked at Fang Mu.

“Who is he?”

“When I was just a child, I ran into a senior beyond Han Mountain. He… You must certainly still remember him. He challenged the Chains of Han Mountain and took away Han Mountain Bell…”

Yan Luan’s body shuddered. Before Fang Mu even finished speaking, she cried out in surprise. “Su Ming?!”

“The Fourth God of Berserkers… Su Ming!” There was excitement on Fang Mu’s face as he continued mumbling without stop. He remembered his aunt…

…..

Su Ming did not know what Fang Cang Lan had done for the Berserkers during all the years of his absence. He walked in the sky and headed towards where Southern Swamp Island was once located.

He remembered that he had quite a number of old friends in it. There was Ya Mu, who had taken Zi Yan as his wife, as well as Zi Che, who had stayed behind due to his sister even though he wanted to follow Su Ming.

There was also Wan Qiu, who was formerly the Sacred Lady of Autumn Sea Tribe.

As well as… Fang Cang Lan… who once stood at the top of the mountain and had wind blow against her robes while she stared at him quietly as if she would wait an eternity for him.

Su Ming walked forward quietly and moved past islands until he saw something and stopped. Based on his memories, he should no longer be far away from Southern Swamp Island, but what caught his attention was… a huge statue on an island.

When he looked at it, Su Ming remembered the Fated Kin, and he remembered the members of that race. They were… cultivators of the Fated Kin!

The island was not the holy land of the Fated Kin, but a place they used to defend the area. There were about eight thousand Fated Kin on the island. At that moment, they surrounded the statue and worshiped it while the golden yellow light of the evening sun scattered over them.

They were zealous and filled with reverence, because this statue was their Progenitor and their god. He was the most supreme will who guided the earliest Fated Kin to become cultivators of their race.

“Fated Kin…”

Su Ming stared at the statue. It was exactly the same as he remembered when he had seen it in the past. The eyes on the statue as he stared into the distance shone with wisdom and a fierce light. It was as if he was staring at the skies. It made Su Ming feel as if he had returned to the year he brought the Fated Kin to rush out of the World of Nine Yin.

In silence, Su Ming stared at the Fated Kin, and a smile slowly blossomed on his face. While under the setting sun, it was filled with an ancient air and nostalgia. It carried with it his hope for the Berserkers… as well as his determination to make the Berserkers rise to power after he returned this time.

“The Berserkers will not be a race akin to a setting sun. They will be… a prideful sun that will rise to power tomorrow,” Su Ming mumbled.

This was his promise. When he became an Antecedental Spirit, he had firmly made this promise with the one hundred million something souls of the Great Berserker Tribe in his body.

At the moment Su Ming mumbled to himself, a loud roar suddenly rang out throughout the entire Berserkers’ world. It echoed in the air, and it did not matter where they were in the land of Berserkers, all the Berserkers could sense their blood begin to boil.

At the same time, the sun in the sky looked like it had come to a stop… before starting to move in reverse. It rose swiftly instead of setting and went up the sky, changing the night that was about to come into day. The sun… seemed like it would never set!
