# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1233

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

As the waves in the Dead Sea tumbled around, the originally setting sun rose up in reverse and stood in the sky again. At the instant the glow of dusk turned into a bright light, it caught everyone’s attention…

All the Berserkers and especially Fated Kin felt their hearts tremble due to their blood boiling in their bodies…

Three ancient wills in the depths of Yin Death Vortex which were far away from the Berserkers’ world woke up from their slumber…

“There’s a change among the Berserkers…”

“We have to eliminate this change…”

“It’s him…”

At the instant the three wills woke up, a rumbling, violent gust of wind immediately stirred up. It was without form, and as it charged forward, it dashed forth along the rotations of Yin Death Vortex… and headed straight to the Berserkers’ world.

This wind was not due to the wills descending, but was formed by their thoughts.

At the same time, due to the sun rising in reverse in the Berserkers’ world and everyone’s blood boiling, countless Berserkers jolted and raised their heads. It didn’t matter where they were or what they were doing before, all of them looked up at that moment.

Ya Man, one of the five powerful Berserkers in Eastern Wasteland and someone who had been given Hidden Dragon Sect’s spot for the continual growth of his tribe occupied one lone island after the continent shattered. As of then, his tribe, Berserker Fang Tribe, was viewed as one of the nine great forces of power among the Berserkers.

At that moment, in a secret chamber within the depths of the mountain range in the island, Ya Man, who had not moved his body for centuries, shuddered violently and lifted his head. A hint of uncertainty appeared on his face.

Similarly, some powerful, ancient Berserkers on the various islands in the Dead Sea opened their eyes from their meditation.

In the palace filled with an ancient presence located on the mountain in the Fated Kin’s holy land, the notes of the Chinese zither echoing in the air came to an abrupt halt. Fang Cang Lan, the Berserker Consort stopped moving her hands on the instrument. She gradually lifted her beautiful head, and a hint of confusion appeared in her eyes.

All the Berserkers had various changes appear on them due to all of these things happening during that moment.

However, the feeling of their blood shaking and their spirits lifting only appeared for the span of a few breaths before it scattered into nothing due to the wind that descended on them from the sky without a single sound. It easily caused the feeling to disappear, like how a hot knife would slice through butter.

It was as if the will contained in the wind would absolutely not allow any sort of changes to appear among the Berserkers, especially something like their blood being activated. This was absolutely not allowed.

It was as if all that had happened just then was an illusion. When the wind blew past the sun rising in the sky, it seemed to have turned into a powerful, mighty pressure, causing the sun to slowly descend and turn into a setting sun once more.

The wind had no form, however. When it surrounded the area, Su Ming lifted his head swiftly. A brilliant light shone in his eyes. He could clearly sense the thoughts and the will of the three ancient wills within the wind that had suddenly descended upon the land.

With a cold harrumph and a brilliant light in his eyes, he sent his will into the sky and struck the invisible wind at full force. The collision of the four wills could not be heard by anyone. Only Su Ming and the three ancient wills could sense it clearly.

As booming sounds that could not be heard by anyone else reverberated through the air, with the will of heavens from the True World mixed with his own will, Su Ming swept his will past the area, and the three ancient wills fell back before they instantly disappeared from the Berserkers’ world.

Su Ming took a few steps backwards. When he raised his head, killing intent appeared in his eyes. The three ancient wills were the people Su Ming absolutely had to kill in his trip back to the Berserkers’ world.

Su Ming might not have obtained an overwhelming advantage during the short contact between them just then, but he was on par in strength with the three ancient wills. Of course, if he was in True Morning Dao World, the results would have been different.

The sun in the sky seemed to have been eternally fixed to dusk. It no longer rose, but it did not set either. Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. He lowered his head to cast a glance at the island of the Fated Kin beneath him. Then, in silence, he walked into the distance.

The three ancient wills had not descended but had instead sent their thoughts over. If Su Ming chased after them, perhaps he would be able to locate the spot where the three wills slept.

But he had just returned to the Berserkers’ world. He had not met many of his old friends yet, so he did not want to leave just then.

Su Ming walked in midair while the Dead Sea tumbled under his feet. He continued walking until an island basked in evening light appeared in the distance. It was slightly different from the one in Su Ming’s memories, but he still recognized it. That was… Southern Swamp Island.

There was a long string of laughter coming from the seawater beyond the island. There was a boisterous note in that laughter, and when it traveled over to Su Ming, it attracted his attention.

He saw a sea dragon of around one thousand feet long roaring and tumbling around the Dead Sea. There was a man standing on its head. That man did not have a built stature but instead gave off an air of frailty. He was dressed in a white robe, and his gray hair fluttered in the wind. He had his right hand clenched tightly around the sea dragon’s whiskers while he rammed his left fist at the center of the sea dragon’s brow. One punch, then another, and another, which made the sea dragon let out shrill roars.

As he stared at the gray-haired, white-robed man, Su Ming’s gaze focused, and a faint smile gradually appeared at the corners of his lips. Su Ming would not forget this person. It was…

“Grandpa Bai, you are invincible. You are the strongest in Southern Swamp, the best of all. We found ourselves some catch this time again. By the way, can I have this sea dragon, pretty please?”

A boy of around eight or nine years old on the island’s beach clapped his hands and shouted loudly at the white-robed man who was hitting the sea dragon.

Beside the boy was a woman with a gentle look on her face. She looked at the boy with affection, then lifted her head with a smile before she looked towards the man who was hitting the sea dragon.

“You have a sweet mouth, lad.”

Bai lifted his head and let out a boisterous laugh. With one move, he grabbed the dying sea dragon and charged at the island. When he drew close to the beach, he raised his right hand, then flung his arm. The one thousand feet long sea dragon was immediately lifted, and with a bang, it crashed against the beach. A large amount of sand flew into the air.

The man moved as well and appeared in front of the boy.

“Greetings, Senior Bai. This child is still immature, I hope you do not mind.” The woman beside the boy immediately bowed while speaking softly.

The white-robed man patted the boy’s head and said with a smile, “It’s fine. This lad is an endearing one. Ya Jiu, I’ll give you this sea dragon. Remember to extract the Life Crystal from it. That is an important item that can extend Berserkers’ life.”

The boy immediately cheered, looking very delighted. While she watched him, the loving look in the woman’s eyes became greater.

At that moment, around a dozen long arcs swiftly approached from an area in Southern Swamp Island that was quite far away from the trio. They approached in an instant. Right in front of the group were three people. They could not see Su Ming, but Su Ming could see them.

He stared at the white-robed man and the woman beside the child. Then, he stared at the three people in front of the dozen something people coming towards the area, and nostalgia appeared on his face.

“Greetings, Senior Bai. We congratulate you on your return.”

The trio were two men and one woman. They appeared to be in their middle-ages, but based on the ancient air about them, it could be seen that they were older than that.

The woman was clearly married to one of the men.

The other man was dressed in a green robe. He had a cold and aloof expression as if he did not feel anything. When he stood there, a chilling aura spread out from him, as if no living could get close to him.

The white-robed man looked at the only woman in the trio and said with a smile, “Zi Yan, lassie, your son has already taken away this sea dragon. Remember to extract the Life Crystal for him.”

“Thank you, senior. My son is young. If he acts immaturely, I hope that you will not mind.” Needless to say, the woman was Zi Yan. With a smile, she bowed to the white-robed man.

Su Ming stood in midair and stared at the people he was familiar with on Southern Swamp Island. He would never forget the old man named Bai. It was… Bai Chang Zai[1]. Su Ming had only met him several times before in the land of Berserkers, but he had left behind a deep impression on him.

When Su Ming saw him at that moment, he sensed an ancient air on him, and also saw the hints of time flowing away from him.

The boy was Zi Yan and Ya Mu’s son. Based on his age, he should only have been born during the past few years. As for the woman by the boy’s side… she was Wan Qiu. It could be no one else but her.

Just like in the past, she was still alone. Yet her arrogance was gone. She might not be anyone’s wife, but right then, there was a gentle air akin to water about her.

As for Zi Che… perhaps Su Ming had influenced him too much when he stayed by his side in the past, and due to certain things that could not change, he had become increasingly colder. But Su Ming knew that with Zi Che’s personality, there was a determined heart lying under the aloof exterior.

“Where… did Fang Cang Lan go?” Su Ming mumbled.

He looked at Southern Swamp Island, but could not find her. He then shook his head. He did not spread his divine sense to instantly search through the entire world of Berserkers.

It was not that he could not do it, but because he did not want to. There were certain times when knowing too much was a form of cruelty. If he cast his divine sense through the entire land of Berserkers, Su Ming would immediately know who was no longer living among his old friends.

But he did not want to know this. He would rather not know it.

‘Oh well. She has her own life. There is in no way she would have continued waiting.’

Su Ming fell silent. He remembered Fang Cang Lan’s petite figure while she stood on the mountain before he left the land of Berserkers in the past. She had looked like someone who would be gone when wind blew past her.

Su Ming lowered his head to cast a glance at Zi Che, then at the boy beside Wan Qiu.

‘Ya Jiu… His given name is nine? I wonder if this nine is a form of remembrance towards the ninth summit…’

Su Ming remembered the bond broken between Zi Yan and his second senior brother. He sighed softly, then walked towards Southern Swamp Island’s beach.

He did not move quickly. When his feet landed on Southern Swamp Island, the people there did not notice that an additional person had appeared among them. In fact, in their eyes, Su Ming did not exist.

Bai Chang Zai did not notice him, and neither did Zi Yan and Ya Mu. It was the same for Wan Qiu. Only Zi Che suddenly shuddered as if he had sensed something vaguely. He lifted his head and looked over, but he found nothing.

There was also… the boy. Since Su Ming wanted the boy to see him, the boy widened his eyes and saw Su Ming walking towards him on the beach.

Su Ming crouched down when he was beside the boy. He patted the boy’s head and asked softly, “Your name is Ya Jiu?”

Translator’s Note:

1. Bai Chang Zai: He was one of the guards on Sky Mist Barrier. Bai Chang Zai and Su Ming were both Divine Generals in the past, and because of it, Bai Chang Zai was very nice to Su Ming.
