# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1236

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

On that day, the sky had been blue. The color of twilight covered the sea which had no waves at that moment. Su Ming turned around and left, leaving behind the image of his back for Fang Cang Lan. While standing in the wind, she watched his solitary back gradually leave into the distance…

When he turned his head back, there was an ancient air about him. Times had changed, but the color of twilight was the same, the sea was like before… and so was the woman of the past still watching in silence, allowing the wind to blow against her and the rain to fall on her. Years passed, but she never expressed any resentment.

Fang Cang Lan held onto Su Ming tightly and did not want to let go. She was afraid that if she did, another thousand years would pass.

The two of them hugged each other quietly in the Berserker Consort’s palace.

“When… are you leaving?” After a long while, Fang Cang Lan’s weak voice echoed quietly in the silent palace.

“I will leave again, but when I do it this time… I will take you and all the Berserkers with me,” Su Ming said softly. He watched the woman in his arms lift her head. Their gazes met, and gradually, a gentle smile appeared on her face.

She might no longer be in her prime years, but her beauty had already entered Su Ming’s mind. Her smile was incredibly pretty.

Fang Cang Lan left Su Ming’s embrace and quietly sat down by her Chinese zither. Her piece gradually echoed in the ancient palace once more. However, her song this time was no longer dreary and lonely. Instead, there was love in every single note she played. They drifted into the air and spread over the sea.

Su Ming sat by the side and watched her quietly. A pot of wine had appeared at some unknown point in time in his hand. He would occasionally take a sip from it, and gradually, he grew tipsy, but no one knew whether he was tipsy due to the song, the wine, or the smile of the person who was playing the zither.

The evening did not end in the world outside nor did the sound of the waves diminish. It was as if they had become eternal presence along with that moment of beauty.

This was the first time Su Ming… truly felt calm in his heart after the years he spent roaming outside. He was immersed in the song and wine while sitting beside a beautiful woman. The feeling was indeed like a pot of wine that had been sitting around for a thousand years. At the very end, it turned into nectar that could cause a person to be drunk even if they just took a sniff from it.

But if they savored it, they would find that this was not wine, but was instead gentle water.

If Bai Ling was Su Ming’s first love, then this love was like springwater. It was sweet and could not be forgotten, but he could only remember that sweetness as well as his delight when he took that springwater out.

The spring would dry one day. It would not last.

If Xu Hui was wine, then that pot of wine would definitely be very strong. Once he drank it, he would feel fire in his heart, and it would burn his entire body like passion, making it impossible for him to forget it, but strong liquor was usually drunk while a person was sad, and because of it, that person would also feel as if that passion would not last long.

Yu Xuan was dew. She was the droplets of water that would appear every morning, bringing with her beauty, crystalline light, coldness, and tender affection. She was difficult to forget, and neither did he want to forget her.

But she was different from Cang Lan’s gentle water-like presence. It could seep even through stone as it fell for a thousand years. Due to its gentle strength, it could refine all manner of steel. It was a gentle persistence that made her the only person he would see when he turned his head back.

Under this tranquility and in his slightly intoxicated state, Su Ming stared at the woman before him. He knew that her protection of the place over the years had prevented the souls of the Berserkers from scattering and instead unified them. They might look like they weren’t together due to the islands, but they had never been as united as they were then.

Perhaps there were some conflicts among the Berserkers between the islands and some of them might still fight against each other with Arts… but if any foreign enemy arrived, the current Berserkers would fight as one.

“It’s time for me to tell everyone that I am back.”

Su Ming’s gaze landed on the color of dusk beyond the window. He gently placed the pot of wine down, and during that instant, when the notes from the Chinese zither echoed in the air, the presence of the Berserkers in Su Ming’s body erupted with a bang.

It was the Berserkers’ presence as well as the God of Berserkers’ presence. This was the purest form of the Berserkers’ lineage power Su Ming could release after he obtained the will of the Antecedental Spirits belonging to the Great Berserker Tribe.

During that moment, the power of the Berserkers filled him, and the one hundred million souls of the Great Berserkers let out soundless cheers. They echoed in the air and stirred up Su Ming’s presence of a Berserker. It surged into the heavens from the palace whose name was the God of Berserkers Palace and where the Berserker Consort lived.

At the instant Su Ming’s presence of the God of Berserkers erupted from him and the one hundred million souls of the Berserkers in his body cheered, a feeling that made the Berserkers’ blood boil rose with a bang from the island.

The presence of the God of Berserkers roared. As the clouds surged, lightning sliced through the air. Loud booming sounds descended like the might of heaven. Thunder echoed in the air, causing the hearts of all Berserkers on the islands of the Dead Sea to shudder simultaneously.

The first to sense it were the Fated Kin. As they shuddered, their blood started boiling in an unprecedented manner. When their blood started circulating rapidly, their hearts trembled every time their blood completed an entire circuit in them.

Excitement appeared on their faces. They could sense a power that caused their blood to boil very clearly, and it was a power that all of them were familiar with. It was the power of the god of the Fated Kin, which was located in every statue on their islands.

The Fated Kin on all the islands raised their heads, and with excitement appeared on their faces, they flew up into the air. One of them was an old man who had lived during Su Ming’s era. At that moment, he let out the strongest cry in his life.

“The Progenitor has returned! This is the Progenitor’s presence! This is the presence of all the Fated Kin’s god!

“Worship our god! All the Fated Kin, follow this presence and greet our god!”

All Su Ming’s statues on the Fated Kin’s islands looked as if they had turned into his clones at that moment, and his presence erupted from them even greater than before. All the Berserkers were enveloped within Su Ming’s will of the God of Berserkers.

The bottom of the Dead Sea was like a layer of mud that had no end. During that instant, a hand shot out from there. It was filled with a power that seemed like it wanted to tear apart the sky. When the hand furled into a fist, it could be seen that it was trembling slightly. The bottom of the sea roared then, and a figure rushed out of the mud.

It was an old man. He had a head full of white hair, but his eyes sparkled brightly. When he appeared, a huge whirlpool immediately appeared in the sea. The man rushed out from it, leaving the bottom of the sea. When he reached the surface, excitement could be seen on his face. If Su Ming could see it right then, he would definitely find him familiar.

It was Nan Gong Hen!

He was the tribe leader of the Fated Kin, Nan Gong Hen!

“It’s Su Ming’s presence! This is our benefactor’s presence, our Progenitor’s presence!”

Nan Gong Hen trembled. His first smile over the past one thousand something years appeared on his face. This was the first time during that whole time that he egressed, and all of it was because of Su Ming’s presence.

With excitement, Nan Gong Hen moved without hesitation and turned into a long arc that charged towards the source of the presence—the Berserkers’ holy land.

Su Ming’s presence of the God of Berserkers was still spreading outwards. It influenced the Fated Kin and then all the Berserkers on all the islands.

Even the Shamans and some of the other races were affected. After all, regardless of what race they belonged to, as long as they lived in the land of Berserkers, their ancestors were still Berserkers.

As their blood boiled, they felt as if their Qi was burning. Every Berserker could sense something calling to them. It was… the God of Berserkers calling to them. There was a desire within them to worship their presence in their hearts, blood, and souls.

Multiple figures rushed swiftly into the sky and flew according to the lead provided to them by their blood and the call of their God of Berserkers. They wanted… to worship him!

No one doubted whether this was false, because there was only one answer as to how everyone felt the exact same burning of their blood.

“The God of Berserkers… has returned!”

Excited roars echoed in the air. Most of those voices came from old people. They had experienced this before, which was why they flew up without hesitation.

Fang Mu and Yan Luan were feeding a frail teenager a medicinal core on an unnamed island when, their hearts trembled. The boiling of their blood and the voice calling to them caused Fang Mu to turn around without hesitation and charge towards the holy land for the first time in his life.

Bai Chang Zai and the others had been in a hall in Southern Swamp Island. They were all silent as if waiting for something. When their blood started boiling, excitement appeared on all of their faces. They did not speak, but rushed out of the hall at full speed… to their holy land.

At the same time, while Man Ya, one of the powerful warriors who had been given his status by Su Ming in the past, was in a secret chamber within Berserker Fang Tribe, who had occupied an entire island to call their own, shuddered slightly. There was no hesitation on his face, but an excited look that had never been seen before on his face. He rushed out from his isolation grounds and flew into the sky while he stirred up loud booming sounds.

“The Berserkers… will rise to power. The God of Berserkers has returned! He has returned!”

Man Ya, who was so old that he looked as if he had just walked out of his coffin, sensed his blood boiling in an intensity much stronger than it did in the past. He threw his head back and laughed.

The Elder of Goldenrain Mountain Tribe, Wu Shuang, who was another powerful warrior personally given his title by Su Ming, laughed long and hard while he was on his island.

“All those in Goldenrain Mountain Tribe, hear me! Come with me to worship the God of Berserkers. Our God… has returned!”

The Great Tribe of Surging Cloud Tribe’s Elder, Xue Sha and the Great Clan Elder of All Entities Clan, Tian Qi laughed in excitement at that moment and rushed out of their isolation grounds as well. They led their tribes and clans with them, and just like in the past, they went forth to greet their God of Berserkers.

“The God of Berserkers has returned! This presence belongs to the Fourth God of Berserkers! Bastards, come with me! I, Chi Lei Tian, am going to greet our God!”

Due to Su Ming’s presence of the God of Berserkers spreading outwards, all the Berserkers had their blood burn and boil in an unseen manner. The God of Berserkers’ call turned into an excitement that existed in every single Berserkers’ heart.

It was a great desire for the Berserkers to rise to power, a madness that could allow them to give up on everything for the Berserkers. At that moment, all those who could fly turned into long arcs that rushed from all directions to the Berserkers’ holy land from where the voice calling to them came.

The long arcs shot through the air in a manner that shocked the heavens. Everyone was rushing to worship their God!
