# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1237

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Regardless of whether they were his old friends or the new powerful warriors that rose to power during the past one thousand years, all the Berserkers turned into a long arc at that instant. They covered the entire sky, and from a distance, they were an incredibly magnificent sight.

Long arcs shot through the sky. Whistling sounds echoed in the air and shook the sky as well as the earth as the long arcs charged to the God of Berserkers Palace, where Su Ming was.

When the blood of all the Berserkers boiled and they charged through the sky, the countless sea creatures in the Dead Sea started showing signs of restlessness and uneasiness. They were not happy about Su Ming’s presence of the God of Berserkers spreading out.

Most of the sea creatures in the Dead Sea were large, and their numbers were numerous. Regardless of whether they were sea dragons or Dead Sea Giants, their numbers had diminished during the conflicts they had with the Berserkers over the course of the past one thousand something years because they had suffered large numbers of casualties, but their numbers were still not small.

The beast swarms time and again had made the sea creatures in this land much stronger than they were one thousand something years ago, but even so, they still started trembling, intimidated by Su Ming’s presence. They hid themselves at the bottom of the sea and did not dare to rush out.

They could sense how terrifying Su Ming was from the presence he exuded. It was a power that brought them despair, because it could wipe out their entire race, which was why even though most of the Berserkers had left their islands, not a single sea creature dared to cause any trouble at that moment.

The sky roared. Su Ming stood in the God of Berserkers Palace and stared at Fang Cang Lan. His presence spread outwards, sending out a call to the Berserkers. He sent all the Berserkers’ blood boiling, and in just a few days, a large number of Berserkers continuously came forth to greet him.

Fang Cang Lan lifted her head and stared at Su Ming while she asked softly, “Have you made your decision?”

“I came back with the intention of bringing all the Berserkers away from this place… to make the Berserkers rise to power in the world outside,” Su Ming said slowly while nodding.

Fang Cang Lan smiled softly and did not continue with her line of questioning. Instead, she closed her eyes and continued playing the zither. The notes lingered for a long time in the air, refusing to leave.

The first batch of cultivators who came to greet Su Ming were the Fated Kin. Almost at the instant the notes from the zither echoed in the air, the voices of nearly ten thousand cultivators beyond the God of Berserkers’ Palace turned into waves of sound that rumbled in the air with respect, ardor, and excitement.

“We, the holy land’s Fated Kin, guards of the God of Berserkers Palace, greet… the Progenitor of the Fated Kin… our God!”

Their voices roared and echoed in all directions, shaking the sky and earth as well as stirring up waves in the sea. When they reverberated through the air, Su Ming stood by the window. His robes danced as they were blown by the wind. The light of dusk shone on the land, and he saw nearly ten thousand Fated Kin worshiping him in excitement in the area outside.

He did not speak. The Fated Kin knelt down in worship simultaneously, and once they spoke together, they fell into uniform silence. It was like if Su Ming did not speak, they would continue kneeling in this manner for all eternity.

As they knelt, the wisps of pure power belonging to laws of fate in them became something akin to the fires of their beliefs. They could not see it, only Su Ming could. Those wisps of power charged swiftly towards him. Once they fused into his body, they allowed his cultivation base to increase a little.

In truth, there was still quite a lot of power of laws of fate like this in the world. Even though Su Ming had absorbed about the same number of laws of fate in the past, the purity of these laws of fate was comparable to about one hundred million six thousand laws of fate in the world outside.

But Su Ming would not absorb these laws of fate right then. The power of the laws of fate filled up in the world would serve as an important aid to him when he shifted the Berserkers’ world out of Yin Death Vortex.

The notes of the Chinese zither echoed in the air. About two hours later, long arcs charged through the sky and approached the palace in the blink of an eye. They turned into hundreds of Berserkers. The person in the lead of the group was Bai Chang Zai, and behind him were Zi Yan, Zi Che, and Ya Mu. There was also Wan Qiu, who was staring at Su Ming while he was in God of Berserkers Palace.

“The Berserkers of Southern Swamp Island greet our Lord God of Berserkers. We welcome your return!”

Bai Chang Zai sucked in a deep breath. Su Ming might be a junior of his, but as time passed, Su Ming had become the God of Berserkers. To him, this was an existence that stood above all else in the land of Berserkers. Regardless of whether it was his heart or his emotions, Bai Chang Zai only had great respect for him. There was also faint waves of excitement in his heart.

As he spoke, the hundreds of cultivators on Southern Swamp Island shouted their greetings simultaneously. Just like the Fated Kin, once they greeted him, they chose not to get up. They waited for Su Ming’s orders and for all the other Berserkers who would arrive in this place during the next few days.

There were thick waves of laws of fate charging swiftly from these hundreds of people to Su Ming too. As if they were in perfect harmony, Su Ming absorbed them perfectly, and they turned into a part of his cultivation base to nourish his soul.

Su Ming stared at Bai Chang Zai and the people he was familiar with behind him. A faint smile appeared on his face. The notes from the zither echoed in his ears, but he still did not speak and only continued waiting.

Due to dusk never ending, even if it was midnight, evening rays still shone on the ground outside. Long arcs continued appearing in the world. They were all from Berserkers who lived on islands not too far away from the holy land.

When he cast his gaze over there, Su Ming counted tens of thousands of them. When they approached the God of Berserkers Palace in the holy land, they immediately knelt down towards God of Berserkers Palace.

“We… greet the God of Berserkers!”

The power of the laws of fate that erupted from those tens of thousands of people seemed to blot out the world when Su Ming looked over. When they bowed to him, the power gathered on Su Ming, and a light bang shot up in his head.

The laws of fate instantly fused with him, and not only did Su Ming’s cultivation base increase a little, his soul also become much stronger. Su Ming’s will also obtained a great number of benefits from it.

‘The power of the laws of fate. The laws of external fate and internal fate. These beliefs are like fire. They can make my will become much stronger… This is the cultivation method that is only available to Antecedental Spirits. This is the will of the Antecedental Spirit. It might seem similar to Fate Realm, but it is much stronger than Fate Realm!

‘If I can become an Ancestral Spirit in the future, I will be able to absorb even more benefits.’

Su Ming listened to the notes of the zither by his ears and sensed his cultivation base, soul, and his will growing stronger without stop. A smile appeared on his face.

The tens of thousands of Berserkers in the world outside were worshiping him at that moment. They did not move. When the second day arrived, the color of dusk in the world outside did not change, but another ten thousand people appeared in the sky. Su Ming could also see more figures charging towards him from all over the place.

“I, Nan Gong Hen, greet our benefactor!”

A long arc swiftly approached at a speed that surpassed all others. As his excited voice echoed in the air, Nan Gong Hen’s old face appeared. He stared at Su Ming in God of Berserkers Palace. His memories seemed to have brought him back to the moment Su Ming brought them out of the World of Nine Yin in the past.

“The Berserkers of Heavenly Scar Island greet our God of Berserkers!”

“Moon Setting Island greets our God of Berserkers!”

“Swallow Mountain Island greets our Lord God of Berserkers!”

Voices constantly echoed in the air. Tens of thousands of Berserkers approached the island, and the sounds of greetings rose and fell. A large number of laws of fate surged into Su Ming’s heart and lingered there for a long time without leaving.

“I, Man Ya, greet the Fourth God of Berserkers. Welcome back, God of Berserkers!”

An old voice mixed with another batch of tens of thousands of Berserkers approached from the sky. It was full of excitement, and it belonged to Man Ya, one of the powerful warriors who had chased the Immortals out of the land of Berserkers with Su Ming.

“I, Wu Shuang, greet our Lord God of Berserkers!”

“I, Tian Qi, have managed to meet our Lord God of Berserkers once more in my life! Welcome back, Your Grace!”

“I, Chi Lei Tian, greet the God of Berserkers!”

“I am Xue Sha, and my mountain will only be opened to you, God of Berserkers! Sir, do you still remember me?!”

As the powerful warriors who fought together with Su Ming against the Immortals in the past appeared, the Berserkers who had gathered around him numbered to more than three hundred thousand.

Yet more long arcs charged forward from the distance. Su Ming watched all of it with his heart filled with excitement. His cultivation base became stronger as the laws of fate fused into him. His soul rippled, and it became much stronger than before. His will was contained in every single corner in the land of Berserkers.

When the third day was over, there were nearly six hundred thousand Berserkers outside the God of Berserkers Palace in the holy land. Regardless of whether these people came early or late, they would worship him.

When Su Ming cast his gaze over them, he found that the world was packed with people. The power of the laws of fate they exuded had already covered the sky and seas, causing the evening rays of light to no longer be able to seep through them.

Six hundred thousand Berserkers were gathered together. The aura of Berserkers spreading out from their bodies shocked the sky and earth, causing the world to look as if it was trembling. These cultivators could be said to be the current elites among the Berserkers.

During that moment, Su Ming sucked in a sharp breath. When he turned around, the gate to God of Berserkers Palace opened with a bang. As the door to the palace swung open, the six hundred thousand Berserkers bowing and worshiping him in the area immediately lifted their heads and turned their gazes to the palace’s gates.

Gradually, they saw a figure walk out of the door. Behind it was Fang Cang Lan.

Su Ming stood outside the palace. It was difficult for the rays of evening light to land on his body. He stared at all the Berserkers in the area, and after a short period of silence, he said his first sentence before all the Berserkers.

“I, Su Ming, the Fourth God of Berserkers, the Progenitor of the Fated Kin, have returned!”

His voice was not loud, but it made the thunder roar in the sky and the Dead Sea howl. It shook the hearts of all the Berserkers, and their blood instantly reached a boiling point.

“God of Berserkers!”

“God of Berserkers!!”

“God of Berserkers!!!”

The roars from the six hundred thousand Berserkers filled up the world at that moment as if they had become sounds that would echo through the entire land of Berserkers.

“I am back to bring all of you… to power!”

Su Ming’s voice echoed in the air. The instant the six hundred thousand Berserkers roared, he swung his arm, then lifted it to point at the setting sun in the distance.

With it, Su Ming’s will charged forth swiftly and enveloped the entire Berserkers’ world. It turned into an unseen force that caused the setting sun to rise, as if he wanted to make it… into the sun shining brightly in the sky.

“I will take all of you, the entire Berserkers’ world, and leave Yin Death Region. I will bring all of you to the True World beyond this place. That is… my True World!”
