# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1238

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The hearts of the six hundred thousand cultivators trembled simultaneously when Su Ming’s voice echoed in their ears. Their blood boiled strongly in their bodies the moment they saw Su Ming lift his right hand and point at the setting sun in the sky.

At that instant, the sun in the distance seemed to shudder, as if it had to submit to his will. From its initial frozen state, it gradually rose, and slowly, the setting sun turned into the crimson sun of the noon!

This scene stunned all the Berserkers. As their hearts were in shock, an indescribable excitement stirred up in them, and their fanaticism towards Su Ming reached its extreme, because they saw the strength of the God of Berserkers.

It was especially so for those who had never met Su Ming before. They had lived with the legends of the Gods of Berserkers for a thousand something years, and the Fourth God of Berserkers depicted there was matchless. He was the God of all Berserkers in the world.

The legend was already deeply ingrained in all the Berserkers’ mind. No one would be skeptical of it, especially since Su Ming’s actions at that moment had turned into a Brand, causing all the Berserkers’ breathing to quicken. When excitement appeared on their faces, they knew that the legends… were real.

In fact, the God of Berserkers before their eyes was much stronger than what the legends depicted.

The ability to move mountains and rivers was nothing, and so was the ability to overturn the weather. Even the ability to pluck the stars and moon from the sky was nothing. What Su Ming was doing at that moment already surpassed the limits of what those words could describe. He was… reversing the trajectory of the sun and changing the laws in the world, causing the sun, which was originally supposed to set to move in reverse and rise to be a proud sun shining in the sky.

To Su Ming, this was nothing difficult, and it seemed to be entirely unnecessary, but he wanted all the Berserkers to see this, because this had a greater power behind it compared to him saying that he wanted to make the Berserkers rise to power. He compared the sun to the Berserkers and made them personally see it rise.

By doing so, he could leave behind a powerful Brand in their hearts. It would allow them to gather under one single will, and that will… would help them raise to power.

Just like how second senior brother, Man Ya, and the other powerful warriors had made Fang Cang Lan into the Berserker Consort to become the spiritual symbol of the Berserkers for the past thousand something years, Su Ming used his own method to become the spiritual symbol of all Berserkers during at that instant. He became a corporeal power that could cause the heavens to roar.

At the same time as the sun in the sky slowly rose up with the movement of Su Ming’s finger, the excited cheers from all the Berserkers’ mouths echoed in all directions and reverberated through the entire world.

“God of Berserkers!”

“God of Berserkers!!”

“God of Berserkers!!!”

The power of the laws of fate coming from the Berserkers surged into the sky under their ardor and excitement. It caused the entire world to become hazy, and it instantly surged at Su Ming.

Almost at the same time the sun in the sky rose up, three enraged wills stirred up in the depths of Yin Death Vortex, right beyond the Berserkers’ World. The three wills did not wake up completely. Their movements were still a bit stiff, but they did not hesitate in the slightest bit. In an instant, they spread out and charged towards the Berserkers’ world.

The three wills were the ancient wills which had forced Su Ming to head to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. They had existed for an unknown number of years, and there was an ancient, decaying air about them. At that moment, the wills that rushed out were still not the original wills, but their Divine Clones.

It was not that they were looking down on Su Ming, but every single time they fell asleep, they would need a long period of time to wake up completely. Right then, only a part of them had woken up.

They had paid a high amount of attention to Su Ming right from the moment he appeared, so they had already started to go through the process of waking up.

However, they would need time to do it. If an enemy approached them, they would be able to immediately wake up under that stimulation; otherwise, they needed quite some time to completely wake up.

The Divine Clones sent by the three wills instantly found the entrance to the land of Berserkers, and without any hesitation, they charged in with a bang, but at the instant they wanted to descend in the land of Berserkers, Su Ming lifted his head while standing outside the God of Berserkers Palace in the holy land and snorted coldly.

With it, he immediately stirred up the power of the laws of fate in the Berserkers’ world that were equivalent to one hundred million and six thousand something laws of fate in the world outside. They filled the air and immediately turned into ripples that could not be seen. With loud bangs that no one else could hear, they charged towards the three wills.

The spread of the ripples shocked the three wills greatly. They did not care about the ripples of the laws of fate, but the will contained in them contained a mighty pressure that caused them to be apprehensive. When they crashed into it without using any form of divine abilities, the entire sky darkened.

The three wills were instantly made to scatter, because their original wills were still in the process of waking up. The three Divine Clones did not possess too much intelligence. They only had their instincts. The moment they were made to scatter, they instinctively gathered together before splitting into three portions.

The first rushed into the air and stepped into Yin Death Vortex from the entrance to the land of Berserkers. Then, it let out a roar that traveled into most of the dimensions in Yin Death Vortex.

The next instant, responses came from more than one hundred dimensions, and a large number of living beings with all sorts of appearances rushed out from them. Based on the direction from which the roar came and the orders of the ancient will, they charged towards the Berserkers’ world.

The second charged into the Dead Sea. At the instant it fused into it, the will split into billions of parts that seeped into each of the sea creatures’ bodies. In an instant, they shuddered and let out roars that caused the Dead Sea to howl.

As they howled, the Dead Sea tumbled about violently. It looked like it was boiling. The sea creatures rushed out swiftly and threw their heads back to roar. Their eyes were bloodshot. Madness appeared on their faces. The Dead Sea Giants roared and the sea dragons contorted as if they were suffering an incredible pain that could only be alleviated by slaughter.

As for the third, it did not rise into the sky nor dive into the sea. This portion of the will was the largest of the three, and it could be said that the other two could not fight against it.

The will formed a fog figure that was dressed in black robes. The area where its eyes were shone with an aloof red light. The man was in midair, and he had his eyes fixed on Su Ming.

“You… should not… have come back…”

A hoarse voice that sounded like sandpaper traveled out of the black-robed figure in the fog. Due to most of the three wills being contained within it, he had obtained some semblance of intelligence and retained some memories. When he spoke, the entire land of Berserkers was swiftly enveloped in a layer of cold. A boundless, mighty pressure descended as well, causing the rising sun to stop for a moment.

A hint of derision appeared at the corners of Su Ming’s lips. He swung his right hand swiftly, and with it, the rising sun instantly let out a bang and crushed all the external pressure cast on it. In a moment, it rose into the sky, and when it reached the highest spot in the sky, the light shining from it was that of morning light!

It covered one hundred thousand feet, and it symbolized the Berserkers’ rise to power. It also symbolized the power to chase away all the darkness when it ran into the obstructions that would prevent it from rising.

The Dead Sea tumbled and loud oars shook the sky. The waves that surged up from the surface of the sea were thousands of feet tall, as if the entire sea had turned into a form of life that was roaring at that moment.

Countless sea creatures howled with bloodshot eyes while swimming near the surface. If anyone cast their gazes over then, they would find that the sea creatures were like a swarm on the endless sea. They had formed large hordes, and there was no end to them. Before Su Ming returned, this would have definitely become a disaster for all the Berserkers.

Perhaps they would have eventually been able to get through the disastrous beast swarm, but the price for that victory would have definitely been high. The previous ones were only about three-tenths this size. This was the greatest beast swarm from the Dead Sea over the past one thousand something years in the history of the Berserkers.

Anyone would be able to predict that countless islands would be submerged. Perhaps some would appear again, but some would eternally be submerged in water. The children and elderly would also die incredibly miserable deaths…

But all of this would have happened before Su Ming returned!

Right then, contempt appeared at the corners of Su Ming’s lips, and a few faint words reached the ears of the anxious six hundred thousand cultivators around him.

“Power of a candle.”

When Su Ming spoke, he lifted his left hand and pushed down swiftly at the Dead Sea.

With it, all the laws of fate in the Berserkers’ world gathered swiftly on the Dead Sea. A huge hand manifested there. It immediately swelled up madly and reached a boundless state. It was difficult to describe its size with words. No one in this place could tell precisely how big it was.

They were already so shocked that their minds had already become blank.

But if there was a person standing at the highest point in the land of Berserkers, they could obtain a full view of the entire place with a bird’s eye view when they looked down. Like that, they would be able to see that the hand that appeared above the Dead Sea… was the size of the land of Berserkers.

It was formed by Su Ming’s will of heaven, which was the power of the laws of fate belonging to the Berserkers and Su Ming’s will of an Antecedental Spirit. It was also… the God of Berserkers’ palm that could protect all Berserkers!

The palm lines on the hand were like mountains, and the veins in it were like rivers. When it pushed down, the howling sea dragons let out shrill screams of pain as their bodies were instantly crushed. The roaring Dead Sea Giants tried to fight back, but their bodies were suppressed to the point they exploded and turned into a bloody mess. It dyed the seawater, giving it a purple hue.

The other sea creatures, of whom there were one thousand, ten thousand, one hundred thousand, one million, and more than ten million, all collapsed with shrill roars as the huge hand pushed down on them, causing the Dead Sea… to turn into a purple sea at that moment!!

Those creatures were so weak… that they could not even withstand a single hit!

The purple hue in the sea was a color formed when the original black of it fused with a large amount of fresh blood. There was a malicious air to that color, and the sky seemed to reflect it.

At that moment, the entire world fell silent…
