# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1239

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The murderous aura shook the heavens!

As millions of sea creatures died, the murderous aura around Su Ming’s body became much greater, making him appear to be much more sinister. At the same time, it allowed all the six hundred thousand Berserkers in the area to see Su Ming’s brutal side.

It was just like the time when Man Ya, Chi Lei Tian, and all the old men who had once followed him chased away all the Immortals. At that time, they had seen Su Ming’s cold-hearted side, while this time the new Berserkers got to witness the brutality of their God of Berserkers.

As their hearts trembled due to shock, they understood just how cold their God of Berserkers was to their enemies. Their hearts shook when they thought about it, and it turned into an eternal Brand.

Even when the sea creatures died and the Dead Sea turned purple, the giant hand did not stop moving for a single moment. It pushed down on the surface of the Dead Sea. When it sank, the seawater shuddered and continued dispersing.

Su Ming wanted to put an end to all of the sea creatures, to destroy all signs of them, including the larvae as well as the environment providing them a means of survival. He wanted to crush all of it with one attack.

A large amount of seawater scattered away. Purple and red fog rose in large amounts from it. Several breaths later, when a shocking bang shot into the air, the huge hand disappeared.

At that moment, the land of Berserkers… no longer had a sea!

The continents that had been submerged were revealed along with… the ruins of Great Yu Palace and Eastern Wastelands Tower used for passing down their legacy!

At that moment, the sounds of something ripping apart came from the sky. Piercing roars echoed in the air, and in an instant, blurry images appeared in the sky. They were the fierce creatures who were summoned to the Berserkers’ world from the other worlds in Yin Death Vortex.

Among them was the two-headed living creature Su Ming had seen before as well as various other living beings with all sorts of appearances. All of them descended with killing intent seeping out of them.

They arrived in large numbers. At the instant they looked like they were about to descend from the sky like pouring rain, Su Ming let out a cold harrumph and swung his arm. In an instant, the fog from the Dead Sea charged swiftly into the sky.

“Seal!” Su Ming said faintly.

With just one word, the purple fog covered the sky and turned into a huge ring. It twisted to form a complicated runic symbol and a venous pathway. Right when the creatures from the worlds beyond wanted to charge down, the symbol was Branded in the sky.

The sea had been incredibly big, and now it covered the sky of the entire Berserkers’ world. Once it turned into a seal, booming sounds rang out. All the ferocious beings in the world outside no longer had even a sliver of a chance to charge in. They were all blocked out from the land of Berserkers.

All those who tried to break through the seal forcefully screamed shrilly in pain the moment they touched the seal. Their bodies withered swiftly, and in the blink of an eye, everything about them was destroyed, like how clouds would be scattered by the wind.

One palm. One seal.

There was no longer anything in the sky or earth that could pose a threat to the Berserkers. It was over in a moment, just like a fleeting, gentle breeze. Su Ming cast his gaze on the black-robed figure in the fog who had been stunned by the proceedings.

“You are just a mere Divine Clone. You are not my opponent.”

Su Ming cast the black-robed figure an indifferent glace, then took a step forward. At the moment he did so, the black-robed figure moved back swiftly. What little intelligence he had allowed him to sense the level of danger Su Ming posed to him. His was a terrifying strength that could wipe him out.

But the instant he wanted to move back, Su Ming arrived right next to him without stirring up a single ripple, causing the air to distort, making a sound, or the black-robed figure noticing him at all. He lifted his right hand and pushed his palm against the other.

Boom!

The black-robed figure was torn to shreds, turning into a large amount of fog that tumbled backwards. He gathered together swiftly when he was a hundred thousand feet away. His red eyes were fixed on Su Ming, and great wariness showed in them.

“If you want to destroy me, then unless you have a will that surpasses my original will, it is impossible for you to harm even a strand of hair on my head. Su Ming… You’re indeed very powerful… but you’re not powerful enough to kill me just yet!”

The black-robed figure’s words might have still been hoarse, but he was more articulate than before. Clearly, the awakening of the three wills was near the end.

Su Ming did not know any of this. Even if he knew, he would not have bothered with it. He had returned to the land of Berserkers with the intention of causing a huge ruckus and learning about many secrets anyway.

At that moment, he snorted coldly and took another step forward.

The black-robed figure in the fog lifted his hands and formed a seal before pushing his palms forward. With it, his voice echoed in the air.

“Water of the east!

“Metal of the west!

“Fire of the north!

“Wood of the south!

“Earth of the center!”

The black-robed figure in the fog spoke quickly. At the instant he finished saying the five sentences, five balls of fog appeared in front of him. As they distorted, they turned into the shapes of a sword, vase, wooden pressure point board, timber, and black earth. They swiftly surrounded him, and it looked like they fused together to form a round screen of light resembling a Rune. It instantly charged towards Su Ming.

When it moved forward, it grew bigger. In the blink of an eye, the screen of light was ten thousand feet long, and it looked like it wanted to suppress its target.

Su Ming’s expression remained the same. Not a single hint of change could be detected. At the instant the Five Direction Rune closed in on him, he opened his mouth and spat. A ray of purple light shot out of his mouth to turn into a purple wooden sword.

The moment the wooden sword appeared, it circled around Su Ming once with a buzz. The sound of the sword whistle swiftly increased in volume, then the weapon charged towards the incoming Five Direction Rune and slashed at it.

A ray of purple light forming the arc of a crescent moon could be seen. At the moment it touched the Five Direction Rune, it melted, and in the blink of an eye, it completely disappeared in front of the sword light.

This scene caused the black-robed figure in the fog to suck in a sharp breath. His eyes sparkled, and without any hesitation, he turned into a long arc that withdrew swiftly.

‘What is that sword?! It’s somewhat familiar… I can’t remember. If my original will was awake, I could recognize it. I don’t have a lot of memories with me…’

At the instant the black-robed figure moved back, Su Ming raised his right hand and pointed at the man.

The purple wooden sword hummed and disappeared. When it reappeared, it was beside the black-robed figure. When it slashed forward, the figure let out a howl of despair.

“This is only my Divine Clone! I am about to wake up! Su Ming… When I wake up, it will mark the moment you will regret returning to this place!”

“I’ll be waiting.”

When Su Ming said those words in a flat voice, the shrill howls came to an end. The purple wooden sword circled around the area once, and the black figure disappeared without a trace.

End of Wills Sword, one of the Seven Swords serving as the Sacred Vessels of Great Abyss Tribe had been kept in an incredibly good condition. Su Ming… had only used three-tenths of its power to attack.
