# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1240

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The morning sun was in the sky of the Berserkers’ world, and six hundred thousand Berserkers were staring at Su Ming. They had just witnessed him destroying all the sea creatures and the Dead Sea evaporating when he lifted his hand.

They also witnessed Su Ming sealing the sky with a swing of his arm, causing the fierce beasts from the worlds beyond to be unable to take even half a step inside. If these were considered nothing, then they had also bore witness to Su Ming’s magnificent presence of cutting down a will with just one slash.

There might not be many Berserkers in the land who knew about the three Divine Clones, but Man Ya, Wu Shuang, and the others who had been with Su Ming in the past, had become a group of people who had come to vaguely know the secrets of the Berserkers’ world.

It was precisely because they knew that there were three ancient wills who were the masters of the countless worlds in Yin Death Vortex that the shock in their hearts was much greater than that of the other people.

Those were three wills who had existed since forever. They were the wills of heaven who could not be fought. Su Ming had been unable to fight against them in the past and could only venture to the distant Barren Lands of Divine Essence. His eldest senior brother, second senior brother, and Hu Zi, too, could not fight against them. They could only allow themselves to be Branded to be able to leave the place.

In fact, even the First God of Berserkers, Lie Shan Xiu was manipulated by the three wills. Even the changes and growth of the Berserkers over the numerous years were manipulated by them in the dark.

The Berserkers’ world was… just one of the many worlds in the huge Yin Death Vortex. It wasn’t hard to imagine that there were a number of other worlds in the many dimensions that the three wills manipulated and whose lives they decided.

But even though they had sent their Divine Clones over, they were cut… into pieces when Su Ming delivered a casual swing from his blade. This scene made the breathing of Man Ya, Wu Shuang, and the others to stop almost completely.

With a smile, Fang Cang Lan stared at Su Ming in the sky. She did not know that he had become so strong, but she did not care about such things. Having served as the spiritual symbol of the Berserkers for a thousand something years, she longed for the Berserkers to rise to power from the bottom of her heart. Right then, Su Ming had returned, and she knew that the day… had arrived, just like what Su Ming had said.

There was no longer any Dead Sea. When they looked over, they only saw a basin. They saw no carcasses, because all the sea creatures had been reduced to nothing. The brownish yellow ring could no longer be seen in the sky either. It was instead obscured by a Rune shining with purple light and hints of red. The colors were packed densely together, completely sealing off the sky.

Through the seal, they could see a large number of ferocious beings in the world beyond. They had all sorts of appearances, and they were all trying to break through the seal and charge into the place, but when their powers landed on the seal, not a single ripple was stirred up.

“They are almost here, hmm?” Su Ming muttered to himself faintly.

His gaze landed on the sky and became fierce. It was just as he had said: He was waiting for the three original wills to truly descend.

Only when did so could Su Ming kill them and truly end the three original wills’ lives. Su Ming had been waiting for this day for a long time, so he did not mind waiting a little bit longer.

It did not matter whether it was him being forced to leave, being schemed against when he was in the illusion within Divine Essence Star Ocean’s fifth ocean, or his senior brothers’ Brands. All of this made sure that Su Ming had no reason not to kill them.

He had been slightly hesitant previously. After all, his senior brothers’ Brands were definitely nothing ordinary. Once he killed the three wills, there was a high possibility that they would also be affected… but once he Possessed True Morning Dao World and obtained a True World clone to become an Antecedental Spirit of an entire True World, Su Ming was confident that all the people and his senior brothers in his True World would be under his protection.

Because of it, even if the three wills wanted to activate the Brands on his senior brothers’ bodies before they died, it would not be effective.

Su Ming waited with a calm expression. His gaze shifted from the sky to the ground, now void of a sea. His line of vision could not cover the entire world, but if he scanned the area with his divine sense, he could easily have the Berserkers’ world in his mind.

He saw the frozen Great Yu Palace that was once buried in the depths of the sea. Not much of the ice had melted. As he stared at the spot that was once familiar to him, Su Ming saw various living creatures frozen in it. Now, he realized that they were clearly some of the tribe members of other tribes from the era of the Antecedental Spirits.

Perhaps there were from Shu and Wu, which meant that Great Yu Palace… was clearly not created by the First God of Berserkers. It was an illusion of Great Yu created by the Elder of Great Berserker Tribe while it was still around.

Su Ming saw all of this clearly when he had returned to the ancient past while he was in the world of the All Spirits Hall.

His gaze eventually landed on a towering altar in Great Yu Palace’s ruins. He had gone there before. He had also seen it when he returned to the ancient past. Some of the theories in his heart had already been verified at that time.

“You cannot see… the world that I see… You… cannot see… Hope…” Su Ming mumbled softly.

The Elder of the ancient Great Berserker Tribe, the Elder of Great Yu, who was spoken in the legends of the land of Berserkers, and the blind xun maker, who was the person who told him that the Berserkers’ Realm Mountain was in his heart gradually overlapped with one another.

But Su Ming had always felt that there was something missing. Only when a hint of the kind love Su Ming was familiar with appeared on the overlapping figures did he sigh softly. He had already understood it a long time ago.

At the instant Su Ming sighed, he suddenly let out a faint gasp of surprise. He sensed two signs of life in Great Yu Palace within his divine sense. One of them was a huge dark turtle[1].

It was lying in a corner quietly. It appeared uncertain in the face of Su Ming’s divine sense, as if it had sensed a hint of familiarity, but it wasn’t strong enough that it would dare to go out.

“It’s…”

Su Ming smiled faintly, then directed the attention of his divine sense on the second life sign, which existed in the depths of Great Yu Palace. Almost at the instant Su Ming swept his divine sense across it, a crazed roar rang out, as if it had turned into a charge that rushed towards Su Ming’s divine sense.

A soundless rumble reverberated through the air, and Su Ming’s divine sense distorted under a crazed ripple. A brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He had already sensed this crazed will during his very first investigation of Great Yu Palace.

Even though he had formed some assumptions when he summoned Great Yu Palace, based on what he saw right then, his assumptions had been incorrect. The crazed will was not possessed by a living creature. This… held more resemblance to a soul of an Enchanted Vessel.

“Soul of an Enchanted Vessel…”

In silence, Su Ming averted his divine sense and cast it on another spot, the seabed of the Berserkers’ Dead Sea. There was a tower there. It might have been tall, but it had still been submerged by the Dead Sea.

It was Eastern Wastelands Tower, also known as the God of Berserkers Tower. It was a tower created by the First God of Berserkers. With Su Ming’s level of cultivation in the past, it was impossible for him to enter the topmost level as well as check whether there were clues leading to the Barren Cauldron, the Berserkers’ Sacred Vessel, at the topmost level. At least legends claimed them to be there.

Yet now, when Su Ming stared at the tower, it was as if it had become transparent. He could see a cauldron the size of a fist sealed under layers of seals at the topmost level of the tower. It was floating and exuding waves of primitive presence.

The cauldron had a simple and ancient air to it, as if it had existed for an unknown number of years…

As he stared at the cauldron in Eastern Wastelands Tower, Su Ming perceived it with his senses. After a long while, he became certain that this item… was not Great Berserker Tribe’s Sacred Vessel. It was just an imitation.

Yet even though it was an imitation, due to the sediments of time, some of the power of the Barren Cauldron was contained in it, but it was only a cauldron. It had no soul.

When he saw this, Su Ming came to an understanding.

The creature sealed in Great Yu Palace was the soul of the Sacred Vessel… and there was a huge possibility that it was Great Berserker Tribe’s Sacred Vessel. Perhaps it was not complete, but there was definitely a part of it contained in that creature, and since the cauldron was an imitation, if it fused with the soul… it could be known as Great Berserker Tribe’s Sacred Vessel.

However, it would be much weaker than the real Sacred Vessel used in Great Berserker Tribe during the era of the Antecedental Spirits.

‘This is the secret hidden in the Berserkers’ world, but it is just one of the many secrets contained in Yin Death Vortex.’ Su Ming lifted his right hand and pointed at the distant Eastern Wastelands Tower.

With it, his divine thought gathered around Eastern Wastelands Tower from all directions with a bang. It surged into the tower, and loud booming sounds immediately rang out in the area. The seals in the tower were instantly broken by Su Ming’s divine thought, as if they were butter and he was a hot knife. He rushed to the topmost level in just the span of a few breaths.

The seals there were rather complicated, but with Su Ming’s level of cultivation, he only needed to crush them forcefully… but the moment his divine thought approached the topmost level, all the seals and restrictions there seemed to have noticed his will of the God of Berserkers and disappeared all on their own.

This caused Su Ming’s gaze to focus. His divine thought instantly surged into the topmost level of Eastern Wastelands Tower, swept up the palm-sized floating cauldron, and disappeared from the tower.

At the same time, Su Ming lifted his right hand. The air above his palm distorted, and the cauldron appeared.

It was bronze, and it had an ancient presence, which had the scent of age. At that moment, it floated above Su Ming’s palm without moving, but there was a dignified air coming from it.

As he stared at the cauldron, Su Ming remained silent for a moment before he swung his left arm. He seized the air in the direction of Great Yu Palace. With it, Great Yu Palace shuddered, and a loud rumble echoed in the air. Cracking sounds rang out as well, and in an instant, as if some sort of seal had been broken, a crazed will charged out from within.

The will was invisible, but when Su Ming looked at it with his divine thought, he saw a huge figure. It was one hundred feet tall and incredibly built. Its hair was a mess as it rushed forward. The man held a long spear in his hand, and at the moment he charged out, he threw his head back and roared, causing the world to contort and air turn into ripples.

However, most of his body was indistinct and incomplete.

At that moment, the man turned his head swiftly and stared in the direction of Su Ming as if their gazes could meet through the endless distance between them.

He roared!

He moved and instantly vanished. Only Su Ming could see that the figure had turned into an offensive will that rapidly closed in on him.

Translator’s Note:

1. Dark Turtle: The one Su Ming befriended when he was in the Dead Sea. Super cute, corgi levels cute.
