# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1241

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The figure was so quick that it instantly appeared in front of Su Ming. Without anyone being able to see it, the figure charged to the center of Su Ming’s brow like an arrow.

A thick wave of killing intent closed in on Su Ming. It was so thick that it felt like the world was being burned by an invisible flame.

Su Ming stared coldly and did not move. At the moment the arrow formed by the figure was less than thirty feet away from him, Su Ming’s eyes suddenly shone with a cold, fierce light. In an instant, the blood roared in his body, and his power of the God of Berserkers erupted. His Berserker Soul, Berserker Bones. and every single aura that made him the God of Berserkers spread out in an incredibly violent manner.

At the same time, the one hundred million souls of Great Berserker Tribe surrounded Su Ming and worshiped him. At that moment, Su Ming might not have activated the God of Berserkers Transformation, but everything that manifested about belonged to the God of Berserkers!

What he possessed was the pure blood and soul of Great Berserker Tribe. At the moment all of it spread out around him, they charged towards the figure coming at Su Ming, and the figure’s body shuddered.

When Su Ming’s presence of the God of Berserkers spread out without restraint and he was surrounded by the souls of Great Berserker Tribe, the figure was forced to stop ten feet away.

The man stared at Su Ming deeply, and his killing intent disappeared. Slowly, it knelt down and worshiped him. When he prostrated himself, Su Ming’s presence of the God of Berserkers spread out with a bang again. A power of a law of fate so vast that shocked even Su Ming radiated off the figure. It charged at Su Ming and instantly fused into his body, causing his soul… to become much stronger again.

“The ninth tribe leader of Great Berserker Tribe. Greetings… Antecedental Spirit of Great Berserker Tribe,” the figure spoke in a hoarse voice. It was raspy and the words were lacking in fluency. It sounded as if it had been a long time since the man had spoken last time. Once he finished, the man lowered his head and remained still.

“The Elder entrusted me to tell you his words to me. If the inferior cauldron does not appear, I will remain sealed, but if the inferior cauldron appears, it means that a person who bears the destiny of Great Berserker Tribe has descended. If that person is not an Antecedental Spirit of Great Berserker Tribe, I will have to crush the cauldron and die, but if he is the Antecedental Spirit of Great Berserker Tribe… then, I am to ask you to permit me to return to my position.”

The man remained prostrated in the air. His voice was still indistinct and hoarse, but the final few words seemed to possess some sort of resolve.

Su Ming cast a glance at the figure which no one else could see, then moved his gaze to the small cauldron above his right hand. A contemplative look appeared on his face, and after a long while, Su Ming nodded.

“I allow you to return to your position!”

At the instant Su Ming said those words, the man lifted his head before charging toward the small cauldron.

Su Ming did not stop him. He simply allowed the figure to approach him.

At that moment, the small cauldron seemed to have turned into a black hole that could suck in everything in the world. In an instant, it sucked the figure inside it.

Once the figure fused into the cauldron, it released a presence that surged into Su Ming’s right hand. It circulated once in his body as if it wanted to draw an outline of his venous pathways to search for the ones he used to practice cultivation in his life.

It connected them to form a picture before it returned to the small cauldron. The cauldron then let out a piercing light. It reached one hundred thousand feet. From the distance, it looked like a sun, and during that moment… it illuminated the entire land of Berserkers and all the Berserkers.

There were countless pictures with the exact same image in that light. They had a human figure formed by venous pathways. They were Su Ming’s venous pathways. All the pictures then fused into the light and landed on each of the Berserkers before they forcefully injected themselves into their bodies.

Everyone’s expression changed. A wild delight along with disbelief filled them. Almost every Berserker sat down cross-legged and began circulating their cultivation base.

They had noticed that the light seemed to have opened up a spot they had never known about in their veins. It was as if a seal in all of the Berserkers’ blood had been released.

A vast power then erupted from them. It was a sign of their cultivation base increasing by leaps and bounds, causing each Berserker to be able to sense the strength in their bodies.

Awakening, Bone Sacrifice, great completion in Berserker Soul Realm, Man Cultivation, Earth Cultivation, Heaven Cultivation, World Plane, Plane Kalpa, Lunar Kalpa, Solar Kalpa, Mastery Realm, Fate Realm, Life Realm, Death Realm, Avacaniya Realm in the path of an Antecedental Spirit…

This dozen something Realms were all ingrained in the Berserkers bodies during that moment, and it changed as well as transformed their venous pathways. These Realms were all that Su Ming had experienced and walked through in his life. In fact, it could be said that this was a path of cultivation he created once he combined all the cultivation paths belonging to the cultivators of the worlds beyond.

This path was the one Su Ming chose from many other paths. At that moment, with the small cauldron releasing it to the world, it was Branded into each of the Berserkers’ hearts as well as the legacy in their blood.

This path was also divided into three Steps. The First Step was to move from Awakening to Berserker Soul Realm, and the Second Step was from Man Cultivation Realm to World Plane Realm, and Lunar Kalpa as well as Solar Kalpa Realms were the transitional Realms. The Third Step was to become the Masters of Fate, Life, and Death. The Avacaniya Realm belonged to the path of Antecedental Spirits, which already surpassed the Third Step. It was partially in the Fourth Step.

It was a complete cultivation system. During that instant, the path of cultivation Su Ming experienced with his own body turned into the future path of cultivation for the Berserkers, who had lost their cultivation system.

Due to having stored up enough power, having built a solid foundation, and not having a direction for their training, they had accumulated a sufficient amount of cultivation base. That was why the Branding of Su Ming’s cultivation system immediately caused all the Berserkers to improve by leaps and bounds in terms of their levels of cultivation.

Even the weakest among the six hundred thousand Berserkers in the area were in the later stage of Awakening Realm, since only those who had reached it could fly and rush over to greet him.

The Berserkers who were in the later stage of Awakening Realm reached Bone Sacrifice Realm as their cultivation bases erupted in power, then they reached another breakthrough and arrived in Berserker Soul Realm.

Those who were already in Bone Sacrifice Realm reached Berserker Soul Realm when their cultivation bases reached a breakthrough. They reached Man Cultivation Realm, and those who had great potential reached Earth Cultivation Realm, the Realm Su Ming had reached when he left the land of Berserkers in the past.

The ones with the greatest change were those who were originally in Berserker Soul Realm. They had already accumulated a large amount of cultivation base and only lacked a path to guide them, which was why they improved slowly, but during that moment, when the Brand of Su Ming’s cultivation system was left in their bodies and their future path became incredibly clear in their heads, their cultivation bases increased exponentially under the small cauldron’s guiding hand.

From Berserker Soul Realm, they reached Man Cultivation Realm, then Earth Cultivation Realm. Some of the old monsters even reached a breakthrough while they were in Earth Cultivation Realm and stepped into Heaven Cultivation Realm.

All of their epiphanies were obtained from Su Ming. All of their paths had been laid out for them. Among the six hundred thousand cultivators, a dozen something old men were personally appointed by Su Ming before. They had reached great completion of Great Berserker Realm a thousand something years ago. That was why they had already taken another step forward and discovered their way into Man Cultivation or even Earth Cultivation.

They were the ones… who were the most suited to have their levels of cultivation increase by leaps and bounds this time. The years of accumulated power and their entire lives of struggle made those people feel as if there were thousands of rivers in their bodies, but they had never been able to open up the channels between them and fuse them together.

Right then, as Su Ming’s path of cultivation was Branded in their heads, the Brand served as a guide for those rivers to fuse into an ocean!

Man Ya threw his head back and roared. His old face swiftly changed during that moment. When he gained the appearance of a middle-aged man, his level of cultivation reached Heaven Cultivation Realm, and when he took another step forward, he reached World Plane Realm!

He could reach World Plane Realm because Su Ming possessed a True World clone. He had an endless amount of power of World Planes, and the Berserkers could absorb it as much as they wanted. Once Man Ya reached World Plane Realm, he reached another breakthrough and arrived in Lunar Kalpa Realm. Only then did his cultivation base stop increasing.

This was what it meant to rise abruptly in power due to accumulated strength. It was also what Great Berserker Tribe had been preparing in the past—one explosive burst in power.

They left behind a seal in their blood, and it was like a dam was set in a surging river, so only a portion of the water could flow through to maintain their cultivation bases and life force. It was the same for each generation of Berserkers until the Berserkers’ path was set one day. When the cultivation system of the Berserkers was Branded in each of the Berserkers’ heart, the dam was opened, and the cultivation bases that had been blocked off during the countless years since they inherited their legacy erupted forth in one go.

Wu Shuang, Xue Sha, Tian Qi and the others all reached Lunar Kalpa Realm. This was their current limit, but it was not the last stop in their path of cultivation. Once they reached True Morning Dao World and got used to the aura of the world outside, their cultivation bases would increase by leaps and bounds again.

Overall, the ones who received the greatest transformation in their levels of cultivation were the Fated Kin. There were practically none of them who had a level of cultivation that was lower than Man Cultivation.

Out of them, there were two people who received the highest boost in their levels of cultivation.

One of them was Chi Lei Tian. This was the scion of the Lightning Berserker, and he was the hot-tempered old man who’d had his Lightning Crystal snatched by Su Ming. As his cultivation base increased, he stepped past Lunar Kalpa Realm and became a cultivator in Solar Kalpa Realm!

But he was still not the strongest. The strongest out of the six hundred thousand cultivators… was Nan Gong Hen!

Nan Gong Hen, the tribe leader of the Fated Kin, Su Ming’s friend in the past, and the person who always referred to Su Ming as his benefactor… attained great completion of Plane Kalpa Realm. By the looks of it, he was only one step away from reaching the edges of Mastery Realm.

These were the Berserkers!

This was a huge leap for this race. It was an explosive increase in power due to the strength accumulated over tens of thousands of years!

Only Fang Cang Lan’s level of cultivation did not seem to increase. Instead, she looked a little weakened. The light from the small cauldron did not seem to stimulate her blood, but instead caused a bit of harm to her. Her face turned slightly pale, but she continued watching the Berserkers cheer in joy around her with a smile. She was happy for the huge leap in their power.

Besides the six hundred thousand cultivators in the area, the Berserkers who could not greet Su Ming and stayed on the islands in the land of Berserkers also found their levels of cultivation increase by different amounts under the light.

Su Ming stared at the area around him. He watched the Berserkers whose levels of cultivation increased exponentially under the light from the small cauldron. When he noticed Fang Cang Lan’s pale face, he immediately swung his arm. The light around her disappeared, and her color slowly recovered. She smiled gently at Su Ming.

She seemed to want to say something, but at that moment, the sky suddenly roared. The weather changed, and the seal in the sky looked as if it was about to crumble. A large amount of fog instantly appeared in the world. It tumbled around and seemed to form a malicious spirit. It roared at the ground, and three wills that were incredibly powerful and could cause the entire Berserkers’ world to tremble… descended!
