# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1242

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The three wills in Yin Death Vortex who were once a force mightier than the might of heaven in Su Ming’s eyes and who he once wondered whether he could ever fight against descended.

At the instant they appeared, an ancient presence that seemed to cause the Berserkers’ world to rot spread out. It caused almost every single person who sensed it to feel as if they had reached the end of their lives, and exhaustion stemming from the bottom of their hearts rose within them.

The world contorted, fog tumbled about, and the sea in the sky seemed to have become slightly unstable. Not a single word was spoken. Just the descent of the wills immediately formed a powerful, mighty pressure that caused the world to tremble. It was as if with just one thought, they could make the Berserkers’ world crumble.

These were the wills Su Ming once believed were the masters of Yin Death Vortex!

Yet right then, Su Ming did not believe that the three ancient wills were the ultimate masters of Yin Death Vortex. Instead, in his eyes, they were more like beings who were made to stay in this place like hidden servants of Yin Death Vortex.

“Su Ming!”

A roar like the might of heaven swiftly echoed in the entire Berserkers’ world. At the same time, the fog before Su Ming tumbled, and three figures appeared within it.

They were three old men dressed in long black, white, and gray robes. They were bald, and their eyes contained a profound look with the signs of time. The one who had spoken was the black-robed old man.

“Since you escaped your preordained fate in the fifth ocean, why did you return?” the white-robed old man asked in a hoarse voice. At the instant his voice appeared, a sharp glare immediately shone in Su Ming’s eyes.

“The person in the past was you.” Su Ming smiled. He recognized that voice. It was the will who had coerced him to leave.

“It’s me,” the old man in white said flatly.

“Su Ming, if it was not for Su Xuan Yi attacking us in the past, you would not have been able to escape from the fifth ocean. Since you dared to return to this place and kill our Divine Clones, we have the chance to restore order!” The black-robed old man’s voice was dark. He glared at Su Ming, and killing intent appeared in his eyes.

“This time, Su Xuan Yi can’t save you! This is Yin Death Vortex, and Su Xuan Yi won’t dare to appear in this place personally! I’d like to see how you’ll manage to escape!” The old man in black laughed coldly.

“I can give you a chance. Stay here and continue to be Yin Death’s Child, and we will overlook the fact that you killed our Divine Clones. If you refuse to… then without Su Xuan Yi’s help, you will not be able to escape from our hands,” the old man in white said flatly.

“Even if your return this time is part of Su Xuan Yi’s plan, you will definitely fail, because…” Before the old man in black could finish speaking in his cold voice, Su Ming frowned and cut him off coldly.

“So noisy!”

He swung his arm. The fog in the world immediately tumbled back, layer by layer, before it disappeared. The unstable seal in the sky became several times more stable, and the mighty pressure from the divine senses of the three old men vanished as if they were made to scatter by Su Ming.

“Is it that your Divine Clones died too quickly and did not manage to let you know of the things that happened before their deaths… or is it that you have all just woken up and cannot see the difference between our strengths?” Su Ming asked coldly with an indifferent face.

The black-robed old man’s expression changed while the white-robed old man narrowed his eyes slightly. Only the gray-robed old man’s expression remained the same. He did not say a single word, and even at that moment, his expression still did not change.

“You’re just asking for death!”

As the black-robed old man’s expression changed, a will so great that it was almost terrifying erupted from his body with a bang and charged at Su Ming with loud booming sounds. It had the intent to suppress him.

As one of the three great wills in Yin Death Region, ever since the old man could remember, he only needed to use his will to squash all those who were disrespectful to him, and all signs of their lives would be crushed immediately. He could suppress others with his state of being. It was his majesty and his divine ability as one of the three great wills.

Yet this time, the moment his will went forth to suppress Su Ming, a cold, fierce glare appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. His own will appeared, and he had it spread outwards without any hesitation to crash against the black-robed old man’s will in an unseen manner. A hint of derision appeared on Su Ming’s lips.

The black-robed old man’s expression changed. His will tumbled backwards swiftly, and his body was forced back nonstop until he was pushed a thousand feet backwards. When he lifted his head, there was shock and disbelief on his face.

“Your state of being… This is…”

At that moment, the white-robed old man’s pupils shrank. He lifted his right hand and pointed at Su Ming.

“With the will of heaven in this world, I shalt seal thy heart and soul! Be destroyed!”

With his words, an eye manifested in the air in front of Su Ming. It was staring at him while swiftly approaching him with the intent to seal him.

With a calm expression, Su Ming turned his head to stare at the white-robed old man. The will in his body swept outwards, and when he directed his gaze at the old man, booming sounds reverberated through the air. The white-robed old man shuddered, and when he took a few steps back, the same expression of shock as that of the black-robed old man appeared on his face.

At the same time, the eye that closed in on Su Ming turned crimson, swelled up, then exploded with a bang.

“Is that all?” Su Ming shook his head, slightly disappointed. In his eyes right then, the three wills who were so incredibly powerful in the past were weaker than even Su Xuan Yi.

In truth, it was not that the three wills were too weak, but that as Su Ming continued to grow during the one thousand something years and even Possessed True Morning Dao World, his existence had surpassed the limits of a cultivator. He had already stepped into the path of reaching Avacaniya Realm.

His Arid Curse was something even the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe was wary of. It was an Art that allowed him to Curse Arid Triad’s will, and it… could make Arid Triad’s will sense danger, which meant that he could fight against those in Avacaniya Realm!

In this state, even if Su Ming was yet to be peerless in all of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, it was still difficult for him to find many decent opponents.

The black-robed old man’s expression changed. He moved forward, and his body instantly turned into black fog. The white-robed old man did the same. With one move, he turned into white fog. As for the gray-robed old man, a glint appeared in his eyes, and he immediately put his hands together.

The black and white fog surrounded him, instantly causing black to appear in one of the gray-robed old man’s eyes, and white in the other. When he stared at Su Ming, he spoke hoarsely for the first time.

“You are very strong. I may not understand how you managed to become this strong in just the one thousand something years we did not meet each other… and I find something familiar about your will as well…

“But the three of us are the three great wills of Yin Death Vortex. As the Servants of Morus Alba [1], we are not so easily affected by someone like you. We allowed you to go to Divine Essence Star Ocean, the fifth ocean, opened the path to Dark Dawn for you, and even asked you to search for our sealed king in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence… not because we wanted to deceive you, but because we wanted to test you.

“It was a pity that Su Xuan Yi interfered with our actions, and even Di Tian interfered with us. They did not want you to wake up, did not want you to come to an understanding, and they used all sorts of methods to interfere with our actions.

“In the end, you did not walk down the path we tried to lead you to, instead, you came to hate us… Oh well, you are now already against us… Even if you learn of everything, you will still choose to do the same thing.” As the gray-robed old man spoke, he sounded as if he just sighed softly. Then, he pushed his hands swiftly forward.

“The color green denotes all Yin Death’s souls. All lives who enter Yin Death Region or are born in it are all green.

“Yin is the title for the Servants of Morus Alba. They are the guides of Yin Death’s Children.

“The three Yins are black, white, and gray.

“Now, the three Yins will kill the green!”

The gray-robed old man cast Su Ming a deep look. At the moment he pushed forward, an invisible gust of wind appeared in front of him. That wind formed swiftly before it turned into a huge hand. It covered the sky and earth, then went to seize Su Ming.

A feeling that made him sense danger arose in his heart, and Su Ming instantly focused on his enemy. The gray-robed old man’s words were still echoing in his head though, seeming to contain a strange secret.

However, the clues Su Ming knew were few, which was why he could not connect them together to obtain an answer. At that moment, when he stared at the huge hand, he felt that it contained a mighty pressure that was created to specifically target the living creatures in Yin Death Vortex. It felt as if the hand wanted to wipe away his existence.

Su Ming’s pupils shrank. He took a few steps back and closed his eyes. At the instant he did so, he called out to his True World clone in his heart.

True Morning Dao World roared beyond Yin Death Vortex. The huge True World instantly distorted, then started becoming larger and shrinking like a rubber band. The lives in the True World could not sense these changes, but as the True World shrank and grew larger, Su Ming opened his eyes while in Yin Death Vortex.

At the moment he did so, the third eye at the center of his brow opened up. It was the spot where Su Ming kept True Morning Dao World. At that moment, a strange change immediately appeared in that pupil.

It would occasionally grow larger, as if it was occupying the entire third eye, then it would shrink, turning into such a fine line that it looked like it was about to disappear.

When he saw the hand approach him, Su Ming spoke languidly.

“With the laws of fate in this place, create the outline of the path to my True World!”

At the instant he said those words, the power of the one hundred sixty million laws of fate in the Berserkers’ world let out a loud bang, as if they were boiling, causing the Berserkers’ world to distort.

“With the blood of the Berserkers in this world, activate the guiding light to the vortex!”

The blood of all Berserkers, their desire to have the Berserkers rise to power, their expectations and belief in Su Ming bringing them out of this place gathered together and turned into a guiding light that looked like a candle flame in the darkness.

“With my thoughts in this place, form the peak of the sky!”

The world roared, and the sky trembled. The fierce creatures sealed outside the world immediately moved back, as if they had sensed something terrifying.

As True Morning Dao World shrank and expanded beyond Yin Death Vortex, it swiftly came pressing down on Yin Death Vortex.

“True World, descend!”

Su Ming lifted his hands. At the instant the hand approached him, he swung his arms, and the land of Berserkers trembled furiously. As the world roared, his True World, contained in his third eye, spread out into the world around him.

True Morning Dao World was brought into the Berserkers’ dimension. It descended on the spot where he was!

The layers in the sky changed, as if the stars were made to move in reverse and the sky was made to change. The incoming hand came to a swift halt five feet away from Su Ming. With a bang, it began to crumble right before his eyes.

“True Morning Dao World… This is… True Morning Dao World’s presence! You… You…

“You… Possessed True Morning Dao World???!!!”

Translator’s Note:

1. Morus Alba: Full name is Harmonious Morus Alba, the legendary butterfly in the Berserkers’ legends said to be able to destroy the world with just three flaps of its wings. Tian Lan Meng mentioned it before.
