# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1243

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

With Su Ming’s third eye as the center, the presence of True Morning Dao World spread out through the area. The sky roared, and the ground trembled. This was the first time True Morning Dao World had completely revealed its presence in Yin Death Vortex.

It surrounded Su Ming, causing his long hair to flutter while his robes danced in the wind. The pupil in his third eye shrank, then expanded, causing Su Ming to possess the power of the God of Berserkers, and at the same time, he was also filled with a malicious, evil air.

That maliciousness was enough to make people be unable to forget it once they cast a glance at it!

“True Morning Dao World is me, and I… am True Morning Dao World!”

In the face of the three wills’ shock towards his status, Su Ming answered their question with an aloof voice that thundered and reverberated in all directions.

His words echoed in the air, and each syllable was stronger than the last. When he spoke his final world, the world rumbled.

The huge hand before Su Ming instantly crumbled, and the gray-robed old man’s face changed. He staggered several thousands of feet back. The black and white balls of fog by his side looked as if a violent gust of wind had blown past them, and they resumed human forms in an extremely disheveled state.

The three of them stared at Su Ming in shock. Even up to this moment, their expressions were filled with disbelief.

“So what if… you Possessed a True World?!”

The gray-robed old man’s eyes shone. When he lifted his arms, the black-robed and white-robed old man beside him immediately formed seals. They moved and turned into the black and white balls of fog again. When they swept through the area, the gray-robed old man took a step forward.

His body turned into gray fog to mingle with the black and white fog. They gathered together and stirred up the air, which brought out an increasingly stronger will.

“The sky of Morus Alba is not a field!”

A buzzing, indistinct voice came out swiftly from the huge will from the fused black, white, and gray fog. At the instant the words echoed in the air, the entire sky… turned crimson.

There were paths that looked like a spider’s web within it They filled the sky and stretched out endlessly, making people feel that the world had turned into a cage sealing them inside.

But if they looked closer, they would find that they were something different. Yet no one would be able to tell clearly just what was the thing that covered the sky.

“All changes shall be halted!”

The will let out another loud, booming shout. As its voice reverberated through the air, the sky and earth looked like they had come to a standstill. The power that made everything freeze seemed to have surpassed the Immobilization Art Su Ming had seen before. This was a power that made an entire world come to a complete stop.

All the things in the area, including the fires of life, were frozen during that instant.

It was just like what the words had declared: All changes shall be halted!

A grave look appeared on Su Ming’s face for the first time, and the presence of the True World surrounded him. His body sometimes appeared indistinct, and at other times, he could be seen clearly. This was because the presence of the True World surrounding him was fighting against Yin Death Vortex.

“Morus Alba’s wings… First wave!”

The will from the fog roared at that moment, and the world rumbled. Su Ming personally saw the crimson paths that resembled a spider’s web while they covered the sky in the frozen world move.

It was… a movement akin to the flapping of wings. As it happened, a faint breeze stirred up, but this seemingly harmless breeze made Su Ming’s pupils shrink.

The paths that covered the sky did not form a spider’s web, but wings! By the looks of it, they were a butterfly’s wings!

A great, life-threatening sense of danger rose swiftly in Su Ming’s heart. He lifted his right hand without any hesitation and swung it forward while growling.

“God of Berserkers Transformation!”

He executed the God of Berserkers Transformation in the Berserkers’ world!

The moment Su Ming finished speaking, ten million souls of those in Great Berserker Tribe rushed out of the air around his lifted right hand. As they roared soundlessly, they charged at his right hand and swiftly fused into it, causing it instantly expand. When Su Ming lifted his left hand, another ten million souls of those in Great Berserker Tribe appeared.

Then, it was his feet and his torso. The process of the God of Berserkers Transformation was over in the blink of an eye, and Su Ming’s body instantly grew several times its original size. As he stood towering in the world, he became the real God of Great Berserker Tribe!

God of Berserkers Transformation transformed one into the God of Berserkers!

The fusion of one hundred million souls of those from Great Berserker Tribe, the growth of Su Ming’s body, and the extreme increase of the Berserkers’ power caused Su Ming to feel as if he possessed the power to tear apart the world at that moment. The power was so great that it was difficult to put into words, and it was lying right in his hands. Su Ming felt as if he could fight against those in Avacaniya Realm at that moment.

This was the perfect Great Berserker Body, the most powerful body that not even those of Great Berserker Tribe possessed when they were in the era of the Antecedental Spirits. This was the one and only… God of Berserkers who could be formed after countless souls of those from Great Berserker Tribe gathered together over the course of many years!

When the God of Berserkers Transformation was activated, the world trembled. The unseen power that froze the world seemed to have become unstable as well.

When Su Ming threw his head back and roared, his voice shook the sky and earth. This was a madness that was on par with an Ancient God’s roar. At the instant his voice echoed in the world, the invisible power that froze the Berserkers’ world instantly crumbled.

The six hundred thousand Berserkers around the area stared at Su Ming in excitement. At that moment, they could sense it—the urge in their blood calling them to worship Su Ming had become even stronger.

If Su Ming before he went through the God of Berserkers Transformation could send all the Berserkers into fervent ardor and make them regard him with reverence while resonating with his blood, then after, what the Berserkers sensed was no longer a resonance in their blood. This was something that surpassed resonance. It was as if… they had just seen their ancestor!

“God of Berserkers!”

“God of Berserkers!!”

“God of Berserkers!!!”

The six hundred thousand Berserkers bowed to Su Ming simultaneously. Their voices surged into the sky and covered Morus Alba’s wings that were creating a gust of wind that seemed intent on destroying the world to charge at Su Ming.

This wind did not just want to destroy Su Ming. It also wanted to destroy the entire Berserkers’ world. When it came closer, Su Ming, who had gained a huge body after the God of Berserkers’ Transformation, had a hint of contempt in his eyes. It came from his confidence and from the supreme, violent power of the Great Berserkers in his body.

“This is the Berserkers’ world.” Su Ming lifted his right hand. “And I am the God of Berserkers.

“It would have been a different story if you were the real Morus Alba’s wings, but you are just an illusion. How dare you stand against me?!”

Su Ming did not wait for Morus Alba’s wings to approach him. He took a step forward, then lifted his hands. With a leap forward, he put his hands together, then pushed them forward at the incoming wings.

He did not use any sort of divine abilities or Arts, but he did gather all of his power as well as the determination and madness of the one hundred million souls of Great Berserkers intent to protect their kin.

The will of the True World from Su Ming’s third eye fused together with them to create the simple push Su Ming performed.

It seemed to crush all rules and create laws belonging to the world of the Berserkers. They crashed against Morus Alba’s wings, immediately causing the world… to feel as if it had become an eternal presence.

“Shatter!”

Su Ming’s eyes were bloodshot. When he shouted and the world turned into an eternal presence, it roared. The ground trembled furiously, and the sky distorted. The crimson wings let out cracking sounds and crumbled before tumbling backwards.

That was a gust of wind that could destroy everything, but it could not destroy Su Ming’s body, his will, and much less the Berserkers he protected!

Morus Alba’s wings crumbled. The fog formed by the fusion of the black, white, and gray fog was instantly thrown into disorder under Su Ming’s violent push as the God of Berserkers. When it scattered, it turned into the three old men. Their faces were pale. There was shock on their faces as they swiftly fell back.

Their wills were shaken and their hearts were filled with disbelief. After all, Morus Alba’s wings’ first wave was a divine ability that could only be executed when the three of them fused together. It was a supreme power that could destroy a world.

It might not be the legendary Harmonious Morus Alba’s wings, but with its form, they could obtain a hint of that legendary power. Even so, they still did not manage to affect Su Ming.

God of Berserkers Transformation shocked the three old men, and rarely seen fear appeared on their faces.

But when they moved back, Su Ming turned his head while in midair. His eyes were crimson at that moment. The span of time in which he could remain in his God of Berserkers Transformation state was about to end, so the moment the effects were about to wear off, Su Ming cast his gaze on the white-robed old man.

This person was the ancient will who had forced Su Ming to go to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence in the past. That was why Su Ming’s killing intent towards the white-robed old man was the greatest. At the moment his gaze landed on him, Su Ming lifted his right hand and pointed at him.

“With my noble status as a True World, my might as the God of Berserkers, my status as the master of the world, I sentence you… to have your body and soul be destroyed!”

When Su Ming spoke, the area around him roared, and the presence of a True World went into a rampage. The power of the God of Berserkers spread through the area, and when it gathered together, it turned into a monstrous will of heaven. When it filled the area, it swiftly enveloped the white-robed old man.

The old man’s expression changed. He formed a seal with his hands, but just as he was about to fight back—

“Die!”

Su Ming unfurled his fingers and straightened his palm to seize the air in the direction of the white-robed old man. Then, he clenched his fist, as if he held the white-robed old man’s soul in his palm. After that vicious move, the white-robed old man let out a shrill scream of pain. Terror and despair appeared on his face, and there was also disbelief that said that he could not believe that all of this was happening.

“This is impossible! He can’t possibly kill me! Even if he Possessed True Morning Dao World, he doesn’t have the right to kill me, this is…”

The white-robed old man’s body twisted, and as he screamed shrilly, a loud bang shot up when his body was torn to shreds. He turned into white fog. Just as he intended to flee in all directions, he stopped swiftly, as if a breeze had just blown on him. Right before everyone’s eyes, the white fog, which was the old man, disappeared into thin air as if his existence had been wiped out.

The three great wills that had existed since ancient times in Yin Death Vortex found themselves unable to believe in what just happened, even when one of them died. The white-robed old man found himself unable to believe in what he went through before he died. It was just as Su Ming said, his form and soul were destroyed. He no longer had any signs of life left. It was also impossible for him to be reincarnated.
