# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1244

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

At the same time the white-robed old man’s form and spirit were destroyed, Su Ming’s body changed. The souls of Great Berserkers scattered and sank into him again, bringing the God of Berserkers Transformation to an end.

Su Ming’s body returned to normal before everyone’s eyes. His expression throughout it remained normal. There was not a single injury that could be seen due to him executing the God of Berserkers Transformation.

This was the extent of Su Ming’s power as of right then. He had already surpassed how he was when he had just gained an epiphany of the God of Berserkers Transformation, which was why even if he executed the Art, he was not in the slightest bit affected after it ended.

Su Ming’s gaze was cold and fierce. He stood in midair, and everything around him was silent.

The black-robed old man stared at the empty spot where the white-robed old man had been destroyed. No matter how he tried to perceive the other with his senses, he could not find a single hint of his existence. This caused his expression to turn incredibly sour, and terror appeared in his eyes.

He originally thought that they could not be killed, but everything before him told him one brutal truth… they were not imperishable!

The gray-robed old man did not stare at the spot where the white-robed old man died, but instead looked blankly at Su Ming. There was surprise shining in his eyes… as if he could see something the black-robed old man could not see, but the more this was so, the paler his face became. There was even a hint of bitterness and a complicated look on his face.

The six hundred thousand Berserkers were still kneeling in the air. They had personally seen their God of Berserkers kill one of the three great wills. Perhaps most of the Berserkers did not know what this signified, but those with the levels of cultivation of Man Ya, Wu Shuang, Nan Gong Hen, and the rest knew more secrets. They understood what the three wills signified and just how powerful they were.

This was why a huge storm started raging in their hearts. They might have known of Su Ming’s strength, but there was no one they could use as a comparison for his power, which was why they could not tell just how powerful he was. Now… with something to compare it to, they could tell clearly that Su Ming… was definitely above the normal standards of what defined power!

His was a supreme power that could kill the three great wills!

Su Ming’s aloof gaze landed on the black-robed old man. The mighty pressure formed after he killed the white-robed old man was Branded on him, causing the old man to instinctively take a few steps back.

“The next is you.”

“Su Ming, I have the marks of your eldest senior brother and your second senior brother’s souls. If you kill me, they won’t escape death as well!” The black-robed old man’s voice was restrained as he spoke fiercely.

“It’s precisely because of this that I will kill you.” When Su Ming declared this with a flat tone, he took a step forward.

The black-robed old man’s expression changed drastically. When he moved backwards, resolve appeared on the gray-robed old man’s face, and it seemed to be made after a long bout of internal conflict.

“Circumferential Seal!” The gray-robed old man swung his arm and spoke resolutely in the direction of the black-robed old man.

The black-robed old man gritted his teeth. This was a life and death situation. He had been unable to help himself but speak arrogantly when he thought that Su Ming could not kill him, but when he personally saw his actions towards the white-robed old man, he could no longer find it in himself to care about anything else. He gritted his teeth, and madness appeared in his eyes. He swung his arm before turning into a large amount of black fog.

His great will was contained in the fog. The will of Yin Death Vortex was of supreme status and all lives had to worship it. The black-robed man stood above all others and could decide the destinies of countless lives. If he could escape from Yin Death Vortex and appear in the worlds beyond, with his great will, he could fight even against Antecedental Spirits.

In fact, during the era True Morning Dao World’s will slept, he could stand above all cultivators, but right then, he was in an incredibly pathetic state while facing Su Ming. There was nothing about this that he could accept. Su Ming’s strength had intimidated him greatly. If he wanted to live, he had to descend into madness.

“Alright, I’ll become the Circumferential Seal!”

When the black-robed old man growled, the fog tumbled and swiftly covered an area of nearly one hundred thousand feet. A huge square appeared in the world. It was not standing, but laying horizontally on the ground.

At the same time, killing intent shone in the gray-robed old man’s eyes. There was a complicated look as well as a ferociousness in them. With a bang, his body turned into gray fog. He charged into the sky and instantly turned into a huge gray circle.

“Heavenly Circle!” The gray-robed old man’s voice was ancient, and there was a resolute tone to his words as they echoed in all directions.

“Earthen Square!”

The black-robed old man’s voice rose with a bang from the black fog underneath. It was filled with madness and an indomitable spirit. This was a critical moment, something that concerned his survival. He had to give it his all.

“Circumferential Slaughter!”

A buzzing sound came from the gray fog, which had now turned into a circle in the sky. The circle descended swiftly and charged towards Su Ming who stood in the air.

Soon after, buzzing sounds shot out from the black fog as well. The square rose swiftly and charged upwards.

A powerful killing intent filled the world, aiming at Su Ming.

That moment was akin to the sky falling and the ground rising. As the sky and ground squeezed together, it could destroy all forms of will and all existences within the world. It was especially so since the divine ability was executed at the same time by the black-robed and gray-robed old men, causing a sealing power to exist in the square and circle.

There was a close connection between the two. When they executed the divine ability, it instantly caused the world to feel as if it had been thrown into chaos. Everything became a blurry mess, and the killing intent from the square and circle became astonishing.

“The might of the sky and earth, huh… I have that too!”

Su Ming’s expression remained as calm as ever as he watched the circle symbolizing the sky charge towards him and the square signifying earth press closer to him. A hint of a cold sneer appeared on his lips.

“If you use the ground to close in on me, then I will use mountains to suppress you! Mountain Shifter!”

Su Ming swung his arm and pointed at the square fog on the ground with his right hand. The power of Mountain Shifter erupted with a bang before turning into images of mountains around him. There was no end to the mountains that Su Ming had seen in his life. Among them was Dark Mountain, the ninth summit, and more… There was a total of one hundred thousand mountains densely packed together, and when they appeared, Su Ming pointed downwards.

The mountains charged towards the incoming square fog signifying the ground coming towards him from below. They stirred up booming sounds that surged into the sky, and the suppression of the one hundred thousand mountains immediately caused the square fog to tremble.

At the same time, Su Ming raised his left hand and pointed at the sky.

“If you use the power that causes the sky to collapse on me, then I will lift it up with the Light of Extreme Darkness by overturning it! Ocean Remover!”

Su Ming laughed coldly. When he pointed above, a powerful black light erupted from his body. There was a cold chill to it, and a deep abyss that caused all those who saw it to feel their vision fade to darkness. Like a black ocean, the Light of Extreme Darkness instantly devoured light from the direction of Su Ming’s finger and swept through the sky.

There were one hundred thousand mountains suppressing the ground, and the ocean created by the Light of Extreme Darkness stirred up in the sky. The world rumbled. Su Ming had a hand pointed upwards and the other downwards as he fought against the seal with his own power.

As booming sounds echoed in the air, the circle in the sky was unable to descend and the square near the ground was unable to rise. The divine ability of the world was only able to rumble during that moment. It could not press down, making it difficult for its power to spill. It could only be frozen in place.

Su Ming’s presence as a True World was a large part of the reason as to why he could do this. At the instant the divine ability of the sky and earth were frozen, he swiftly lowered his head to stare at the spot where the one hundred thousand mountains were beneath him. Killing intent shone in his eyes.

When he opened his mouth, a purple ray of light tumbled out of his mouth. That was the End of Wills Sword, one of Su Ming’s supreme treasures. This was a Sacred Vessel of Great Abyss Tribe.

At that moment, it let out an eye-catching light while it was in Su Ming’s hands. With a flash, it stirred up a huge presence and a piercing sound before it shot through the one hundred thousand mountains and charged at the square on the ground.

If Su Ming wanted to destroy a will, the sword was enough!

It was known as the End of Wills, and it was a killing sword specifically made among the Seven Swords to target wills. When it charged forward, it shot through the square on the ground, and under Su Ming’s divine thought, the will of the sword erupted.

Its power was not the three-tenths like when he had destroyed the Divine Clones, but the full strength. At the instant the will of the sword erupted, the entire world rumbled.

The will of the sword surged into the sky and manifested into countless sharp swords that swept through the area. Shrill roars traveled out of the square fog. There was despair in them along with great hate. They did not last for long though and came to a swift end.

The ground trembled, and the one hundred thousand mountains disappeared. The square fog instantly disappeared without a trace, like a gust of wind had blown apart the clouds. As for the black-robed old man’s will, it disappeared along with the fog, destroyed for all time.

Purple light shone and returned to Su Ming from the ground. When he opened his mouth, it entered inside. All of this happened incredibly quickly, so quickly that when the square fog disappeared, the circle in the sky was still lifted by the Light of Extreme Darkness.

But when the circular, gray fog was enveloped, a crazed look appeared on the man’s face as if he could see through the Light of Extreme Darkness. He stared straight at Su Ming, who was under him.

He had naturally sensed the black-robed old man’s destruction, which was destruction in its truest sense. There were no chances of him being resurrected. As the head of the three great wills, the gray-robed old man knew many other secrets that the other two wills were not aware of.

“Do you want to use this child’s hands to kill the three of us… or are you saying… that we aren’t his opponent? Is this your will?

“But he still hasn’t woken up. He still cannot be considered to be the Converted Child!” The crazed look in the gray-robed old man’s eyes became greater. He suddenly threw his head back and roared. “If that’s the case, then I’d like to see just what you intend to do!

“I, Servant of Morus Alba, will burn myself! I will burn my thoughts and turn into a butterfly!”

The gray-robed old man’s face contorted. The circle fog instantly tumbled as a huge face was formed above the Light of Extreme Darkness. It was tens of thousands of feet big. As the man’s voice echoed in the air, flames instantly lit up in the fog.

From the distance, it looked like a new sun had come into being. As the flames burned, gray smoke tumbled about. The wisps of smoke did not rise into the sky but filled the area. Slowly, the area enveloped by smoke grew larger.

Su Ming swung his right hand. The Light of Extreme Darkness disappeared before him to reveal the burning gray-robed old man in the sky and the wisps of smoke surrounding his body.

The wisps of smoke spread out, and pain appeared on the gray-robed old man’s face. He swiftly roared.

“With the body of the servant, the shadow of Harmonious Morus Alba shall descend!” the old man roared.

The wisps of smoke surrounding him instantly began tumbling and changing. From the distance, the wisps of smoke turned into a pair of wings, just like…

A butterfly formed of gray smoke!
