# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1245

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

It was a gray butterfly. It did not have any other colors. When it spread its wings, its body reached one hundred thousand feet. There was an indescribable mighty pressure spreading out from, and it descended on the ground.

At the instant Su Ming saw the gray butterfly, he remembered a legend that circulated in the Berserkers’ world while he lived there…

There was a butterfly by the name of Harmonious Morus Alba…

“Harmonious Morus Alba…” The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe revealed himself next to Su Ming for the first time in the land of Berserkers. He stared blankly at the sky and the gray butterfly. A sagely light appeared in his eyes.

“In my theory, the final stage… would be Harmonious Morus Alba, the one spoken in the ancient legends. That should be it.”

When the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe murmured those words, a complicated loor appeared on his face, but it lasted only for an instant before it was replaced by determination.

“Legend…” Su Ming muttered softly.

The legends regarding Harmonious Morus Alba had been circulating for a long time in the land of Berserkers. It was there that Su Ming had heard about it for the first time. When it flapped its wings, it could change the world, and every single time it happened, different anomalies would appear.

Su Ming still remembered a butterfly that appeared briefly in the snow-covered sky at the instant the blood dragon crumbled when the Elder of Great Berserker Tribe predicted the Berserker Day. He had seen this when he returned to the ancient past when he was in the world in All Spirits Hall…

Su Ming seemed to have come to understand something. In silence, he stared at the gray butterfly in the sky. That butterfly was also staring at Su Ming. It flapped its wings swiftly, and a breeze stirred up. With a will that intended to crush everything, it descended on the entire land of Berserkers.

It was a pity though that this butterfly was still not the true Harmonious Morus Alba spoken about in the legends. It was only a projection made by the gray-robed old man’s will.

In silence, Su Ming lifted his right hand, and the Barren Cauldron manifested on his palm. Bronze light shone from it, covering Su Ming’s face so others would be unable to see his expression at that moment. They could only see the bronze light from the caldron become brighter, and a figure gradually appear from it.

It was a well-built man with a long spear in his hand. At the instant he appeared, he released a primitive, savage presence. It was so strong that it instantly covered the entire world.

At the same time, the one hundred million something souls of Great Berserkers in Su Ming’s body woke up from their slumber after going through Su Ming’s God of Berserkers Transformation and instantly surged into the bronze cauldron.

Countless faces rose on the surface of the cauldron. As the gray butterfly flapped its wings, the man from the bronze cauldron lifted his head to reveal bloodshot eyes laced with a hint of ferociousness. With one move, he instantly charged at the gray butterfly in the sky.

He was so quick that he swept up a whirlwind. As it howled, it looked like a huge cauldron made of wind was formed in the world, and a large number of faces of Great Berserkers were within it, howling.

The cauldron looked like an illusion, but also seemed to have corporeal form. As it manifested itself, it caused the spear-wielding figure who had rushed out to become larger. In the blink of an eye, he became thousands of feet tall.

“Berserkers!”

When the figure rushed out, a hoarse but astonishing growl tumbled out of its mouth. The man instantly charged towards the right wing of the gray butterfly that was flapping its wings and stirring up the destructive wind.

With the cauldron in his right hand, Su Ming watched everything calmly.

Booming sounds reverberated through the land at that moment. The entire Berserkers’ world swayed violently, as if the earth was trembling and the mountains were shuddering. The figure that appeared from the bronze cauldron shuddered amid the loud booming sounds and swiftly crumbled.

However, the right wing of the gray butterfly shook when the figure disappeared. A large number of cracks appeared on it, and with a bang, it was torn into pieces.

“It’s a pity that this is just a projection you created on your own. You’re not… the legendary Harmonious Morus Alba,” Su Ming said softly.

When his words reverberated through the air, the gray butterfly who had lost a wing looked at Su Ming while still in the sky. It flapped its left wing again, and the destructive power swept downwards with a bang.

Su Ming sighed softly.

He lifted his right hand and pointed at the gray butterfly, who now only had one wing left. The ring on his finger immediately flew out. It became larger, and in the blink of an eye, it approached the gray butterfly. By then, it was already one hundred thousand feet big.

It crashed into the butterfly, and the sky split. Cracks appeared on the purple-red seal while loud booming sounds echoed in the air. The entire sky… shattered to pieces. Every part of it crumbled, and as the seal broke apart. The ferocious creatures in the world outside were immediately swept backwards, and before they could rush in, their bodies were reduced to ashes.

Crumbling along with the sky was the gray butterfly, who only had one wing left. Soon, it was reduced to powder. When it disappeared into the wind, it took away with it the gray-robed old man’s sigh.

“The person who destroyed me isn’t you…”

That was the old man’s final sentence. Then, the three great wills that existed since an eternity ago in Yin Death Vortex… were completely wiped out.

The sky roared as its destruction continued. When Su Ming looked over, he found that the sky was shattering in a manner like how rocks would shatter. A large number of fragments fell off, and the scene of the apocalypse shook the hearts of all who saw it.

While in the world beyond, Su Ming’s one hundred thousand feet big ring swept outwards with a whistle. Wherever it went, the ferocious creatures in the world outside would crumble. No matter what sort of level of cultivation they possessed, at the instant they touched the ring, they were all disassembled.

The ring whistled and rushed out of the Berserkers’ world with a piercing sound. It charged swiftly towards Yin Death Vortex’s exit while it rotated.

It was so quick that it traveled into the distance in an instant. It swept up the fog as it charged forward and chased all the aura of death as well as crushed all the living creatures who wanted to fly out of their dimensions. In fact, the dead dragon found, to its despair, that it could not avoid the ring as well. Its body was crushed when the ring crashed into it. Then, the ring moved past it.

All of this might have seemed to have happened over a long period of time, but in truth, it only lasted for a dozen something breaths. The ring rushed out of Yin Death Vortex and appeared in True Morning Dao World. At the instant it appeared, it looked as if it had opened up a path connecting True Morning Dao World to the Berserkers’ world. The path turned into a vortex and stirred up True Morning Dao World’s presence to charge into it with loud bangs.

Within its presence was Su Ming’s will. When it rushed out of the vortex, Su Ming lifted his hands while he was in the Berserkers’ world. He lifted his head and stared at the shattered sky.

“We will… leave Yin Death Vortex. From now on, the Berserkers’ world will become a part of True Morning Dao World! I will bring all of you and the entire world out of this place!”

Su Ming’s voice echoed in all the Berserkers’ ears, lingering for a long time and refusing to leave. As True Morning Dao World’s presence surged in from the tunnel, it looked as if a huge hand had extended into Yin Death Vortex with an indescribable presence from True Morning Dao World to seize the Berserkers’ world and take it out from within!
