# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1246

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The land of Berserkers trembled. Without the Dead Sea, huge cracks swiftly appeared on the ground. They intersected with each other, but unlike the edges, the internal part did not crumble.

As the ground trembled viciously, flights of stairs appeared on the edges of the ground, as if the ground was slowly rising once it split up.

The sky shattered completely, and Su Ming could see the muddled air of Yin Death Vortex, located right outside their world. Su Ming stood in midair, and when he lifted his arms, his hair danced, his robes fluttered, and a brilliant light shone in his eyes.

“With my will of a True World…”

When Su Ming’s voice echoed in the air, the Berserkers’ world shuddered. The True World’s presence filled the entire world, as if it had truly turned into a hand that seized the Berserkers’ world and was slowly lifting it up into the air.

The hearts of countless Berserkers trembled. It was not due to fear, but excitement and enthusiasm. They worshiped Su Ming. Their voices mixed with the loud rumbles in the world, but the latter could not drown them out and suppress them from reverberating in the air.

“God of Berserkers!”

“God of Berserkers!!”

“God of Berserkers!!!”

“Berserkers’ laws of fate, fuse with the pinnacle of the True World!”

A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes, then he lifted his right hand and swung his arm around him. The Berserkers’ world immediately rumbled furiously, and the laws of fate equivalent to one hundred sixty million laws of fate in the outside world that had been accumulating over the past one thousand something years swiftly manifested to approach Su Ming with loud bangs.

In the world were one hundred sixty million laws of fate, and beyond the world was the hand of True Morning Dao World. With Su Ming as the center, they gathered together, then a power that could shake Yin Death Vortex erupted from them.

This power caused the hand grabbing the Berserkers’ world to expand to the point that it seemed to have gained corporeal form. It seized the Berserkers’ world and lifted it straight from the ground!

Countless islands, Berserkers, and even the dust in the Berserkers’ world rushed out of the ground. They left behind a gigantic pit, then charged out of the dimension that contained the Berserkers’ world.

Su Ming extended his arms as his hair flew behind him. He did not move his body, but charged out of the dimension with the Berserkers’ world. The next instant, all Berserkers saw… a world they could not see before!

This scene was just like what the Elder of Great Yu had mentioned when he predicted the Berserker Day in the past—the others could not see the world he saw!

Perhaps that was because he was a blind man, but perhaps it was because he was a blind man that the world he saw possessed a higher value to be inherited. Yet no matter what, during that instant… Su Ming caused all the Berserkers to see a world… that only Su Ming could see previously!

The six hundred thousand Berserkers in worship and the even greater number of Berserkers who could not come forward to greet Su Ming and remained on the islands in the land lifted their heads to stare at the fog in Yin Death Vortex at that moment. They saw the world beyond the Berserkers’ world, and they felt as if their breathing had come to a standstill. They stared at everything before them in a daze. Below them was the pit in the dimension, and it was getting further and further away from their sight.

If anyone cast a glance at this scene from a distance, they would be able to see that the entire Berserkers’ world seemed to have turned into a huge stone. It e was the land where the Berserkers lived and the Berserkers’ legacy. Like a stone, it rushed out of the Berserkers’ dimension and the whirlwind in the endless Yin Death Vortex.

“I will take all of you… to see a world you previously could not see!”

Su Ming’s voice traveled into all the Berserkers’ ears. Under their excited roars, he brought their world out of Yin Death Vortex.

The hand that grabbed the Berserkers’ world was filled with a power that would not crumble. No matter how the vortex swept at it, the hand allowed Yin Death fog to corrode it, but it was not at all affected. Instead, it maintained a fixed speed and swiftly rose into the air.

However, Yin Death Vortex had always operated in a manner that did not allow anything to enter nor leave. Even the Immortals in the past could only use a Rune to move through it to avoid Yin Death Vortex from sucking them into it. Yet the Immortals’ Rune had long since crumbled.

Because of it, they could only move in reverse within Yin Death Vortex. This task was so difficult that when Su Ming tried it in the past, he failed. His senior brothers had also tried it before, but in the end, they could only leave with the help of the three great wills.

If Su Ming would have done this alone, he could have left easily. In fact, even if he had to bring one thousand, ten thousand, or one hundred thousand people with him, while it would be a little difficult, he could still take them out, but at that moment…

Su Ming was bringing all the Berserkers as well the land of the Berserkers’ world. Because of it, this was no longer an easy task to do even for him. In truth, before descending into the Berserkers’ world, Su Ming had not thought of taking the land with him, but the laws of fate that had gathered in the Berserkers’ world over the past one thousand something years had given him this chance.

Once the power of the True World fused with the laws of fate, it allowed Su Ming to have the ability to turn the impossible task into something possible!

However, the suction force from Yin Death Vortex became greater the higher the land of Berserkers rose. In just a moment, the howls from the suction force grew to a deafening degree. It was as if there was a hand seizing hold of the land of Berserkers, intending to yank it back.

But that was not all. At the same time the suction force filled the air, most of the dimensions in Yin Death Vortex opened up, and a large number of ferocious creatures of all sorts of appearances rushed out with a howl to charge towards the land of Berserkers.

It was as if a will that Su Ming could not sense filled Yin Death Vortex at that moment, luring all the ferocious beasts to appear in this place so that they could stop Su Ming’s crazed action.

A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. He swung his arm, and a gentle light immediately enveloped the land. Once he protected the weaker Berserkers on the islands, he said resolutely, “Berserkers, heed my words. Kill all those who try to stop us from charging out of this place!”

If they did not kill, then there would not be any powerful warriors who would rise to power. At that moment, all the Berserkers had experienced an increase in their levels of cultivation, but they could only truly turn this sort of increase into their own power after they experienced life and death situations, which was why Su Ming had chosen to not protect them, even if he could.

They needed to pay a price for rushing out of Yin Death Vortex to see the world outside. He needed to let all the Berserkers know the difficulty in this. Only by doing so could the Berserkers have the confidence to face all the difficulties in the future while they rose to power.

Besides, even if Su Ming helped them this time, so that none the Berserkers suffered any injuries while they were under his wing, Su Ming could not protect them forever. The disaster from Saint Defier and Dark Dawn that would sweep through all of Arid Triad was about to arrive. So this… would be a test. If they could not pass this test, then the Berserkers did not have the right to face the subsequent disaster.

If that was the case, instead of dying in the hands of foreigners, it would be better… for them to not even leave Yin Death Vortex.

“The races from the dimensions in Yin Death Vortex vary in strength. If there is anyone among them whose levels of cultivation surpass yours by two Realms, I will kill your enemy for you!

“If there are those who are in the same Realm as you or are one Realm above you, then you are to kill them yourselves. Either you will live and charge out of this place with me to let those in the world outside witness the Berserkers’ rise to power… or you will die here!

“What the Berserkers need are not flowers that can only grow while protected. What we need… is a towering tree that will stand tall even in the face of storms!”

There was a cold, callous tone to Su Ming’s voice. His words echoed in the six hundred thousand Berserkers’ hearts, and a crimson glare lit up in their eyes. A powerful killing intent and primitive, savage presence erupted from each of the Berserkers.

For their kin to rise to power was practically the greatest wish of all the Berserkers. At that moment, they erupted with the strongest killing intent they could muster without any hesitation. This killing intent charged into the sky and straight into Yin Death Vortex, right at the races from the dimensions who were charging towards them beyond the land of Berserkers.

The killing intent was especially prominent on Nan Gong Hen and the rest. The increase in their levels of cultivation was the greatest, and at that moment, they threw their heads back and roared, becoming the first to charge forward with monstrous killing intent.

To the Fated Kin, killing was nothing new. It did not matter whether they were foreigners or sea creatures, they had killed far too many of them in the past one thousand something years. At that moment, with aloof expressions, they rushed out, and like arrows shooting out from bows, they charged into the vortex.

Fang Cang Lan’s face grew paler, but she continued persevering through it and watched everything with a smile, but there was no way Su Ming would not see her weakness. The moment the six hundred thousand cultivators rushed out, Su Ming moved and instantly appeared beside Fang Cang Lan so that he could hold her hand.

A pure Bright Yang Aura instantly surged into her body. It fused with the Yin Death Aura in the area and turned into a life force that belonged solely to Fang Cang Lan. With it injected into her, Fang Cang Lan’s facial parlor started slowly getting better. She lifted her head and stared at Su Ming before she bit her bottom lip as if she wanted to say something.

“I know that your body is slightly different, or rather… you are not a Berserker. Compared to them, who grew up in Yin Death Region and have grown used to Yin Death Aura like the dead, you… have the power of Bright Yang, just like those in the worlds beyond,” Su Ming said softly while staring at Fang Cang Lan.

This was something Su Ming knew from the moment his blood had scattered when it landed on Fang Cang Lan’s fingertip.

“That is why even though I changed the True World’s aura when I made it descend so that all the Berserkers could get used to it, you were not comfortable with it. Right now, the aura of death in Yin Death Vortex is very thick, so you are even more uncomfortable in it.”

Su Ming stared at Fang Cang Lan gently. As he spoke and as the Berserkers’ world charged forth through Yin Death Vortex, shrill roars and the sounds of battle came from above them. It was the noise of six hundred thousand something Berserkers fighting life and death battles against their neighboring races.

“But…”

“I will get used to it!”

Fang Cang Lan sucked in a deep breath and stared at Su Ming. She had spoken with in a serious voice, and her serious look caused her originally beautiful face to gain an alluring charm.

Su Ming smiled at her faintly.

While holding her hand, he said softly, “It’s fine even if you don’t get used to it. I will make the universe get used to you.”

As Su Ming spoke, he lifted his left hand and pointed upwards. A gust of wind immediately stirred up and moved through the Berserkers to land at the center of the brow of a four-armed man. He possessed power equivalent to those in Mastery Realm, and he was fighting against a Berserker in Earth Cultivation while laughing ferociously, but the moment he wanted to land a killing blow, a loud bang shot out from the center of his brows, and his head exploded…
