# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1247

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Blood gushed in all directions when the four-armed man’s head exploded. His body froze for a moment while he was falling backwards before he was swept into the vortex. In an instant, he disappeared without a trace.

From the beginning till the end, Su Ming did not lift his head. He stared at Fang Cang Lan with a smile, and when her face became slightly red, he tugged her arm and pulled her into his arms.

With his own body warmth, he tried to provide warmth for the loneliness Fang Cang Lan had suffered over the past one thousand something years. At the instant she was pulled into Su Ming’s arms, a tender look appeared in Fang Cang Lan’s eyes, as if she was at the highest point in her life just by standing there. It was as if being by Su Ming’s side was the best thing in her life.

She wished that this moment would last for eternity and nothing else.

The battle around them served as a background to the tenderness in her eyes. It was as if the colors of the rainbow had suddenly appeared in a painting of mountains and rivers. Those colors were incredibly bright, eye-catching… and did not seem to fit in, but still blended in beautifully. The unexpectedness of it was gone, and only the beauty was left behind.

Shrill roars echoed in the air, and torn bodies filled the area. Fueled by the madness of wishing to rise to power and their desire to leave, the six hundred thousand Berserkers only had one thought remaining in their minds at that moment—Kill!

This was a life-and-death struggle, and the battle became more intense as the hand continued dragging the Berserkers outside. Su Ming’s previous words of needing towering trees that could remain standing in storms and not flowers to be protected also caused the battle to become more intense.

Who was the flower and who was the tree? There were no bystanders serving as witnesses in this battle, and there was no need for them, because those who survived would be the trees, and those who died… would still have been cast aside by destiny, even if they were not flowers.

This was very brutal and unfair, but fairness did not exist in battlefields. There was also no such thing as fairness when a race rose to power. If anyone dared to slack off during battle or lacked the courage to fight, then their kin was also bound to be cast aside.

Besides, there was no one who would dare to slack off during battle, because this sort of person would not survive till the end. They would be brutally killed by the foreign races.

The shrill roars came from both the foreign races and Berserkers. Most of the short period of warmth in Fang Cang Lan’s heart was chased away by the screams of pain. She lifted her head and stared at the area above her as well as the area around her. A look that said she could not bear the sight appeared on her face.

“Before I had their power, I walked through the same path, and when I had their power, I still walked through the same path. I do not hope for them to arrive at the same stage as me after going through this life-and-death experience, but…

“If it were the times of peace, then with my current level of power, I can make the Berserkers rise to power by myself, but right now… if I want to make the Berserkers rise to power, I will need all the Berserkers to work hard with me.

“And what I need them to do is… to possess the right to continue living in the world outside with whatever disasters they face in the future when I am not around.”

Su Ming lifted his head and looked at the slaughter above him. He saw the Berserkers dying and fighting with all their courage, and the increasing madness in their bloodshot eyes.

“Once they become aloof when they fight against others, become used to it, adapt to it… only then would they be able to grow. Right now, they are only children.”

When Su Ming opened his mouth, a purple light suddenly flashed in his mouth, and the End of Wills Sword instantly flew out. It shot upwards, and immediately, shrill screams of pain echoed in the area. Four foreigners whose power were equivalent to those in Mastery Realm and who had just joined the battle jolted. Their heads were separated from their bodies, and they breathed their last.

“I know… about the things… you went through after you left the land of Berserkers.”

Fang Cang Lan stared at Su Ming. There was a gentle look in her eyes, and at the same time, pain because she did not have the heart to think about what he had went through. She held Su Ming’s hand and tightened her grip on it.

“I forgot that you have this sort of ability.”

Su Ming was momentarily stunned, then let out a chuckle. He remembered that Fang Cang Lan had the ability to see another person’s past. This divine ability was something that Su Ming had never seen anyone else, who was not a Berserker, to possess. Even among the Berserkers, Fang Cang Lan was the only person Su Ming knew that had this ability.

Perhaps Fang Cang Lan’s Master was even better with this skill. Perhaps there were people who shared her blood who could even predict the workings of the universe, and perhaps… When Su Ming thought of this, his heart suddenly shuddered. His gaze grew profound, and he cast Fang Cang Lan a deep glance.

Why did she possess vitality when she was in Yin Death Region?

Why could she gather together the souls of the Berserkers once she was asked to become the Berserker Consort and make the Berserkers respect her? Besides her charm, perhaps… the legacy in her blood also contained a presence that could make the Berserkers find her a friendly presence.

Why could she and her Master’s bloodline master this divine ability that allowed them to see other people’s past, which even to the current Su Ming, still felt fathomless?

All of these questions rose in Su Ming’s heart, but he soon found an answer.

The image of the Elder who could predict the Berserker Day, who he saw when he returned to the ancient past while he was All Spirits Hall, the image of the blind xun maker, and the image of his elder appeared in his head…

The rumbling sounds from Yin Death Vortex grew louder, and the battles in the area reached an extremely devastating degree. At the same time, the land of Berserkers continued rising higher even while it was fighting against the suction force from the vortex.

After a moment, a deafening roar rang out. The land of Berserkers rose upwards for a short distance. By then, they could already see the exit of the vortex.

Nearly two hundred thousand Berserkers out of the six hundred thousand Berserkers had died during the period of time the land of Berserkers moved through the vortex. The ones remaining might have bloodshot eyes, but there was a very clear, thick murderous aura surrounding them. They were no longer filled with madness, but had become more aloof.

It was something that came from getting used to slaughter. It was an even stronger killing intent than madness. They were like a piece of steel that was being sharpened into a blade continuously.

Among the four hundred Berserkers, around eighty thousand of them were the Fated Kin. Not many of them had died because they were already used to killing. They were already sharp blades that would shine brightly when light shone on them.

Then in their first battle against the foreign races after their levels of cultivation had increased, the sharp blades that were the Fated Kin were sharpened into precious swords!

They were so sharp that they could destroy thousands of armies!

It was especially so for Nan Gong Hen, whose presence had changed drastically during the battle. When he stood there, he was like a sharp fang dyed in blood. the heart of anyone who saw him would shudder, and a chill would crawl up their spine.

It was at that moment that an even stronger howl could be heard. More foreigners suddenly appeared from above the land of Berserkers in the vortex. The overall strength of these foreigners was not weak, and they were clearly the final defense of the vortex to prevent all those who wanted to leave.

In fact… Su Ming could even sense the faint presence of Immortals from the foreigners of varying appearances!

Compared to the fatigue of the four hundred thousand Berserkers, these foreigners who had just appeared were like murderous fiends who had been waiting for a long time. When they saw the rising land of Berserkers and the four hundred thousand Berserkers who flew up, ferocious and bloodthirsty looks appeared on their faces. They threw their heads back and roared, then charged towards the Berserkers like a swarm of bees.

Their number also reached tens of thousands. This was an unfair fight, even though fairness was as insubstantial as destiny in the process of a race rising to power, but… in Su Ming’s eyes, if he wanted fairness to exist, then fairness would exist.

At the moment the Berserkers erupted with a murderous aura once more and were about to charge forward, Su Ming pulled Fang Cang Lan behind him and took a step forward. He lifted his left hand and swung his arm, and a voice that caused the Berserkers to be excited echoed in the air.

“I will tell you what is fairness when a race rises to power.”

At the instant Su Ming’s voice appeared, he pushed his left hand downwards, and it swayed, as if it had been seized.

In an instant, loud roars surged into the sky from the entire land of Berserkers. Amid those roars, the land of Berserkers trembled furiously. A sea of fire seemed to have appeared around it, and it was a fire from scraping the vortex at an extreme speed. The entire land of Berserkers looked like it had turned into a giant fireball.

As it roared, its speed instantly increased exponentially. Due to it, the wind pressure prevented the Berserkers from rising upwards. They fell down on the ground and immediately sat down cross-legged to circulate their cultivation bases in order to counterbalance the wind pressure.

At the same time, all of them lifted their heads and stared at the land of Berserkers, now a fireball, instantly sweeping up all the Berserkers to charge to Yin Death Vortex’s exit. Due to its speed, it instantly reached the hundreds of thousands of foreigners.

At the moment they crashed… booming sounds, shrill screams of pain, and indescribable roars rang out from all fronts. It was a devastating sight that was impossible to put into words. The hundreds of thousands of foreign cultivators were like eggs that had crashed into a stone.

In an instant, one hundred thousand of them died, and in the next instant, another one hundred thousand crumbled, then in the next, another one hundred thousand exploded!

It was a furious crash with a fireball that was nigh impossible to fend against. It brought away flesh and blood while destroying countless souls. The fires seemed to burn with the flames of death that reaped all lives and would coldly and callously destroy all existences who tried to block it.

With a bang, the land of Berserkers got close to the exit of Yin Death Vortex, allowing all the Berserkers… to be able to see the galaxy of the True World for the first time in their lives!

“This is the fairness needed when a race rises to power.”

When Su Ming’s flat voice echoed in the air, it landed in the ears of all the Berserkers. They then once again let out their strongest roars towards a single person.

“GOD OF BERSERKERS!”

“GOD OF BERSERKERS!!”

“GOD OF BERSERKERS!!!”

The presence of the True World filled the area, and Yin Death Vortex could no longer suck in the land of Berserkers. No one could prevent the Berserkers from leaving. It was just like how no one could prevent this race from rising to power.

“Wait for me outside with them. I still have some things to do. I have to return to Yin Death Vortex…”

Su Ming lowered his head and looked at Fang Cang Lan with a smile, but when he said those words, Su Ming suddenly shuddered. He lifted his head in an instant and stared at the air. A stern look that had never been seen before on his face appeared on him!

Right away, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe appeared beside Su Ming. He did not make a single sound, but his words were like claps of thunder when they landed in Su Ming’s heart.

“Your spirit ascension disaster… has arrived.”
