# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1248

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Berserkers were not the sole reason why Su Ming returned to Yin Death Vortex. He was also searching for Di Tian’s presence. Because of it, he had told Fang Cang Lan that he wanted to return to Yin Death Vortex when they rushed out of it earlier.

But before he could finish saying it, a feeling of danger filled his heart even though it was his True World. The sense of danger was so strong that it made him feel as if he was about to reach death’s door, and there was even a feeling as if he would absolutely not escape death.

The voice of the old man from Heavenly Spirits Tribe echoed in the air. In truth, before the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe even spoke, Su Ming already knew… that his Antecedental Spirit’s disaster had arrived!

After remaining silent for a moment, he suddenly smiled in a free and graceful manner, then cast a deep glance at Fang Cang Lan.

“Take the Berserkers and wait for me beyond Yin Death Region.”

Fang Cang Lan went pale again. This time, it was not due to her not getting used to the presence of the True World. Instead, it was because she could somewhat guess that something had changed during that instant just then.

This change was not a serendipity, but a life-and-death disaster.

After looking at Su Ming, Fang Cang Lan quietly hugged him. She did not speak, for there were no words for her to say. All of her thoughts seemed to be contained in her hug. It had no words, but there was no end to her thoughts.

Then, she turned around and left. From the start till the end, she never asked a single question, neither did she speak words of love, but before she turned around, a resolute look appeared in her eyes. She would not divide Su Ming’s attention and would lead the Berserkers for him. This was the only thing she could do to help Su Ming as of right then.

Booming sounds surged into the air from the land of Berserkers. Once it rushed out of Yin Death Vortex, it floated in the True World’s galaxy. This galaxy was Su Ming’s clone, and Su Ming could change all the aura in it with a single divine thought.

He stared at the land of Berserkers leaving into the distance and at the countless Berserkers on the land bowing to him. He watched Fang Cang Lan standing in the crowd while staring at him deeply.

The smile on Su Ming’s face became more free and graceful.

‘The Antecedental Spirit’s disaster… with my current condition and the help of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe, if I still can’t get through it, then perhaps there is no one in the world who can get truly live through it.’

Resolve appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. When he turned around, he took a step into Yin Death Vortex.

Besides searching for Di Tian and learning about the secrets in Yin Death Vortex, he had chosen Yin Death Vortex to get through his disaster because of the old man’s words when the disaster arrived.

“This is the presence of the disaster revealing itself. You still have seven days. After them… no matter where you are, the disaster will descend, but I do wonder in what form the disaster will appear to you.

“Return to Yin Death Vortex. If my guess is correct, then the place… will be the most suitable place for you to get through the disaster in Arid Triad!”

The old man’s solemn words resounded in Su Ming’s heart. When he turned his head to look, he saw the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe beside him. He had a solemn expression on his face, but there was also a hint of anticipation.

He was looking forward to the arrival of Su Ming’s disaster, because he wanted to fight against it. In this battle, if he failed, he would die, but if he succeeded, he would earn the right for his ninth spirit ascension. Regardless of whether it was for himself or for his people, he had to fight against the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster!

“Seven days, huh? Then I have time to search for Di Tian.”

Su Ming stepped into Yin Death Vortex and charged forward. The suction force and aura of death in the vortex were not too effective against him.

With his level of cultivation, unless he ran into certain ancient existences, there was no way he would die.

Brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He moved swiftly and charged into one of the dimensions in the vortex. It was a world with a huge ocean. It was similar to the Berserkers’ Dead Sea, but it was not black. Instead, it was blue.

At the instant he stepped into the world, Su Ming spread his divine sense outwards and scanned the area, causing all the people in the world to feel their hearts tremble. Then, he turned around and left without any hesitation.

“Not here,” Su Ming mumbled, then moved through Yin Death Vortex to another dimension. That one had a boundless desert. The aura of death there was so thick that it formed a fog, but when Su Ming entered the place and cast his divine sense outwards, the fog swiftly dispersed.

“Not here either.”

Su Ming scanned the desert with his divine sense, then turned around and left. Just like that, he charged through Yin Death Region, stepping into each and every dimension before him.

Every single time he entered one, he would spread his divine sense and search for Di Tian’s presence. With his divine sense of a True World, as long as he entered the dimension where Di Tian hid himself, Su Ming was confident that he could find hints of his existence, even if he could not completely detect him.

One spot, two spots… When the first day was over, Su Ming had already searched through thousands of dimensions, but he did not manage to detect Di Tian’s presence. After all, there were plenty of dimensions in Yin Death Vortex, and while one thousand dimensions was not a drop of water in the ocean, it was still not many.

‘If I search like this, even if I use up all seven days, it’ll be hard for me to go through all the dimensions. After all, there are simply too many of them in this world…’

Su Ming came to a stop. His eyes flashed a few times before he suddenly lifted his right hand and struck the center of his brow.

With it, Su Ming shuddered, and his divine sense seemed to have been split. It turned from one to two, then from two to four… When it turned into ten hundred, they surrounded the area and turned into another vortex in Yin Death Vortex.

Ten thousand divine senses was a number that cultivators could not begin imagining to possess, because if their divine sense was divided into ten thousand portions, it would be incredibly weakened. In fact, it would be completely impossible for them to do it. If they tried, their divine senses would be torn apart, and they would die.

But Su Ming was an Antecedental Spirit who Possessed True Morning Dao World. He had a True World clone, which was why he had the right to split his divine sense into ten thousand parts and still retain a certain amount of investigative power in each one.

At that moment, a brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He pushed forward with both hands. Immediately, the ten thousand divine senses let out a roar and charged out. They instantly rushed into ten thousand dimensions which they swiftly scanned traces of Di Tian.

As time passed, the second day, the third day, and the fourth day went by… While Su Ming continued sinking into Yin Death Vortex, his divine senses searched through batches of dimensions numbering to ten thousand time and again.

However, Di Tian’s presence was like a drop of water that had fallen into the ocean. Four days had passed, and Su Ming had already searched through numerous dimensions, but he did not find even a single trace of his target.

In silence, Su Ming still continued searching. If he had not been extremely certain that he had felt Di Tian’s presence in this place, he would have given up a long time ago.

“There are no longer any dimensions below us.”

When the fifth day arrived, the old man beside Su Ming spoke hoarsely. He cast Su Ming a profound look. His divine sense immediately spread out, and a vortex formed by a whirlwind swept in all directions from him.

It was a vortex formed by the will of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe after he had gone through eight spirit ascensions. It was huge, and when it expanded, signs that it could replace Yin Death Vortex appeared. It looked like it was about to overlap with Yin Death Vortex.

When the new vortex appeared, the old man’s divine sense instantly fused into every single dimension. When it swept through them, all of Yin Death Vortex seemed to shudder. All the living beings in each dimension sensed the old man’s will at that instant.

They shuddered in terror as despair filled them, since they knew they could not fight against it.

If someone compared the old man’s will to the three great wills Su Ming had killed, the three great wills would be like fireflies, and the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe would be the bright moon whose light could illuminate the entire world.

They were completely different states of being. In fact, at that moment, eight originally sealed dimensions whose existence had been wiped from Yin Death Vortex started trembling.

The hearts of Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors trembled at that moment, but they continued remaining still, simply allowing all the dimensions to shiver to the extent that they were about to shatter.

When the sky started shattering in the dimensions where they were, the ground started cracking, and the sealed entrance started showing signs of crumbling, some of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors could no longer hold themselves back and spread out their divine senses in an attempt to heal their dimensions.

The moment their divine senses appeared, Di Tian’s expression changed.

“Retrieve your divine senses, quick!”

But Di Tian’s warning was a little too late. The moment those people tried to repair their dimensions with their divine senses, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe retracted his will from all the other dimensions where he was and gathered everything on the eight dimensions where the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were.

But he did not scan through them in a domineering manner. Instead, he soon left. When the old man’s will retreated, the dimensions where the eight people were filled with dead silence.

The expression of the eight people, including Di Tian, turned dark. But they did not say a single word.

Only about the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn passed since the moment the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe spread out his divine sense to the moment he retrieved it. When he did so, the booming sounds gradually faded. The vortex that was formed by his divine sense also disappeared.

“There are eight dimensions sealed from within. This sealing method… is the exact same as the one used in Yin Death Vortex. There are eight people in them. Their bodies have become rigid, but their wills are powerful… They are not weak!

“Before your disaster arrives, I suggest… that you do not bother with these eight people, no matter what sort of hatred you harbor towards them,” the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe said languidly while staring at Su Ming.

Su Ming’s expression remained the same as he met the old man’s gaze squarely.

“The Antecedental Spirit’s disaster is about to arrive. It’s only natural that I know my place. I’m searching for one of them because I am worried that he will suddenly appear to interfere when I am going through my disaster. Even if they sealed their dimensions because they do not want others to find them, to prevent any accidents, I believe it would be best if you help them and completely seal off their dimensions, senior.”

Su Ming’s voice was calm. He could detect the old man’s unwillingness to participate in this matter, which was why he spoke of a different matter.

A glint shone in the old man’s eyes. Without any hesitation, he lifted his right hand and swung his arm upwards at Yin Death Vortex. Eight runic symbols appeared in his hands. It contained his will’s Brand, and it instantly fused into the vortex and the eight sealed entrances.

They were all completely sealed!
