# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1250

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The figure in the fog had only managed to mention the Antecedental Spirit’s Disaster when his body froze.

The world swiftly fell silent. Space went still as if all things had been frozen for eternity and all lives had stopped thinking!

Even the powerful and mysterious Sublime Paragon from the Fourth True World had to extinguish all signs of his life under the indescribable will of heaven.

This was not death, but a dead stillness that left a person between a state of living and dying. It seemed like all existences in the universe did not dare to continue living, but they were also not allowed to die, which was why they chose… to temporarily become blank slates, the background for the will of heaven that would soon descend.

It did not matter whether they were willing or unwilling. All of them had to do this.

There was shock on the boy’s face. It was something he rarely showed, but not only did it appear at that moment, it had also frozen to become an expression that seemed like it would exist on his face forever… because his body had frozen completely.

Only the terror in his eyes and the inverted image reflected in his pupils could allow others to see the truth of what he saw before the entire universe froze.

It was a scene of the whirlwind in True Morning Dao World freezing as well as all the laws there coming to a stop, as if they had been frozen by unseen ice.

Everything froze, and it was the same for the land of Berserkers beside Yin Death Vortex. The flow of their blood, the beating of their hearts, their cultivation bases, and even their thoughts came to a stop at that instant.

All the Berserkers on the land, including Fang Cang Lan, turned into something akin to statues. They were frozen in space and retained their expressions from before . In fact, they did not even know that their lives had been stopped…

They were not the only ones affected. It could be said that all the lives in True Morning Dao World, no matter what sort of level of cultivation they had, where they were, what they were doing, and whether they were alive or dead, became still when the laws froze.

People’s personal intentions, the powerful warriors’ intentions, and even the races’ intentions were so insignificant before this will of heaven that they could not put up the slightest struggle.

No matter what the one million cultivators were doing in the Ninth Summit, even if they were located in the spot once belonging to Morning Dao Sect, they could not avoid being frozen when the world came to a stop. All of them stopped moving.

Su Ming’s eldest senior brother, second senior brother, Hu Zi… everyone was frozen. There were no exceptions.

It was the same for the first line of defense from True Sacred Yin World, the Fourth True World, and the Ninth Summit stationed near Arid Triad’s gap to fend against the foreigners… The three hundred thousand cultivators and the dozens of people who were constantly observing the gap in the whirlwind as well as the shrieking whirlwind that seemed as if it would never stop… froze at that instant!

It was as if the world had turned into a still picture existing eternally on a scroll…

There were two cultivators from the Ninth Summit beside Arid Triad’s gap. The two of them had shock on their faces, as if they had just discovered information that they had to immediately report back to the army. Their gazes were fixed on Arid Triad’s gap, and they looked like they were about to retreat, but they did not move.

There were eight people beyond Arid Triad’s gap at that moment. There were murderous and sullen looks on their faces as they stepped into it, but the moment they entered Arid Triad, they were frozen.

Countless cultivators from Saint Defier and Dark Dawn could be seen at Arid Triad’s gap, but their expressions changed and they instantly stopped moving in shock. They did not dare step inside, because if they entered Arid Triad, they would definitely be stopped for eternity.

There were two indistinct figures in the galaxy beyond Arid Triad’s gap at that moment. They were one of the most supreme wills in Saint Defier and Dark Dawn. Based on their figures, it could be seen that they were a man and a woman. The woman represented Saint Defier, and the man Dark Dawn.

The two people’s bodies seemed to be formed by fog which was swiftly gathering together. Their appearances could not be seen clearly, but based on the grave look in their eyes, it could be seen that their hearts were not calm.

“This is…”

“Arid Disaster! Someone is going through the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos!”

The two people were silent for a moment before they spoke hoarsely at the same time. They cast each other a glance then. They might be enemies, but they had already reached a consensus towards Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, which was why they saw caution in each other’s eyes, as well as a hint of them regarding this matter with great importance.

The man was silent for a moment before he sighed and said, “Stop advancing. We will only enter once this person gets through his disaster!”

Once he finished speaking, the countless cultivators behind him took three simultaneous steps backwards.

Besides True Morning Dao World, True Sacred Yin World, the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, and the Fourth True World were also frozen in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos. It could be said that all regions in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos were frozen at that instant. They were as still as water, and not a single ripple could be seen.

Only… Yin Death Region remained a sole existence that was not frozen in all of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos. The vortex was still rotating, as if it was completely unaffected/

It was as if even if the Antecedental Spirit’s Disaster was something that could make all existences apprehensive and Saint Defier as well as Dark Dawn temporarily avoid its brilliance… Yin Death Vortex would still continue rotating. This disaster could not affect it even in the slightest.

The worlds in Yin Death Vortex were the same. When everything beyond the vortex froze, they continued with their usual operations, exactly the way they had done every single day in the past.

It seemed all the changes in the worlds beyond were completely unrelated to Yin Death Vortex, as if they were two different worlds.

Su Ming’s pupils shrank. He lifted his head and stared at the vortex above him.

The eyes of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe sparkled brightly while he was not too far away. He had been waiting for this day for far too long. Right then, it had finally arrived. An increasingly powerful presence continued gathering on the old man’s body, as if he was a sharp sword that was about to be drawn. At that moment, he was showing his intention of cutting down the heavens.

In fact, a vortex had appeared around him once more. It started rotating along with his will while an indescribable, brilliant light in the old man’s eyes. It seemed to be the brightest light in the world that could burn all lives that looked into his eyes.

At that moment, a loud bang echoed through all of True Morning Dao World. It spread out and filled every single region in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos. At the moment the sound rang out, a crimson lightning bolt that was the size of a normal person’s arm gathered in the air beyond Yin Death Vortex.

When it appeared, the space around it was immediately dyed blood red, as if it had been turned into a hellish ocean. If anyone cast their eyes on it, they would find that everything had turned the color of blood.

The light spread through all of True Morning Dao World. It filled True Sacred Yin World, the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, and the mysterious Fourth True World. Even the Barren Lands of Divine Essence were covered by the red light.

When the lightning bolt appeared, it swiftly turned light red. With an indescribable presence, it seemed to have swept up all of Arid Triad into one single lightning bolt that charged into Yin Death Vortex.

During the process of its descent, the light spreading through Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos instantly moved in reverse and shrank. Eventually, it gathered together, making the bolt of lightning turn an extreme shade of red!

The bolt of lightning then charged into the vortex. The rotation of the vortex shuddered, but the red bolt of lightning also trembled violently. Its color became duller, but it continued rushing forward. An astonishing roar came from it, and it shot through Yin Death Fog with crushing force. It charged into the depths, straight to where Su Ming was.

It seemed to be chasing after Su Ming’s life. Once it locked onto him, no matter where he hid, it would definitely descend on him. Until it wiped out Su Ming’s life, it would never stop.

Su Ming had used seven days to reach the depth of Yin Death Vortex, but the lightning had instantly reached his field of vision.

It was crimson and had a domineering air that seemed to represent Arid Triad’s strongest will and a madness intent on destruction. It looked like the blood capillaries in a crazed person’s eyes. At the instant Su Ming saw the bolt of lightning, it stirred up a deafening, thunderous roar, and approached him.

“The nine disasters of the Antecedental Spirits… each of them is stronger than the last!”

The ancient voice of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe echoed in the air. He took a step forward, and the moment he lifted his foot, a ferocious look appeared in his eyes.

It was his Arid Disaster, so Su Ming did not want to have the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe fight against it by himself. He wanted to try getting through the disaster with his own power. Only by doing so would he have the will to face any dangers he would have to deal with in the future.

Only when he could not get through it would he require someone else to help him. Until then… he would personally face the disaster!

‘This is a disaster and a serendipity!’ A brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes.

“I will get through the first disaster myself!”

While speaking, Su Ming swiftly moved. The third eye at the center of his brow opened, and the red bolt of lightning that closed in on him was magnified an infinite number of times. Su Ming lifted his right hand, formed a seal, and struck his third eye.

When he did so, his will of a True World and an Antecedental Spirit erupted from him. Even though the True World had been frozen, Su Ming was the True World and the master of its will.

“Mountain Shifter!”

He lifted his arms, then put his hands together before swiftly striking the top of his head. One hundred thousand mountains instantly appeared around him. They manifested simultaneously and gathered around him before overlapping with each other. They formed a towering mountain which crashed against the descending red lightning with a loud bang.

From the distance, it did not seem as if the lightning bolt was descending with a mighty presence. Instead, it looked as if Su Ming was attacking nothing. At the instant the lightning bolt touched the mountain, Su Ming’s entire body shuddered.

The towering mountain formed when the one hundred thousand mountains around him overlapped with each other shuddered violently. Amid the loud bang, it shattered, and in an instant, it crumbled to pieces.

The red bolt of lightning became duller, but it maintained its speed. Its killing intent was astonishing as it charged straight towards the center of Su Ming’s brow.
