# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1252

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Five Colored Lightning was a lightning with five colors.

However, the ordinary five colors were not worthy of being known as these five colors. Only the five long arcs revealed before Su Ming and the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe right then were colors who gave each life when they were born in the world the years of their lives as well as some abstruse theories linked to life!

The black color was not completely black. Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that in the beginning, it was a color that was close to faint brown. It was… the color of a child!

The red brought with it gentleness and mildness. It brought with it youth and the best years of a person’s life. It did not describe a woman, but all men and women at the prime of their lives, causing all those who saw it to be immersed in it. That was… the color of red.

The pink hue had with it temptation and seduction. It contained all the primitive urges in the world and could light up a person’s soul. It could make people unable to help themselves but be immersed in it. It was also not used to describe a woman, but symbolized the maturity and charm of a person after they moved past their prime and arrived at another stage of their life. It was… pink.

The white was not the color of snow, but a form of ancient air. It was like white hair, making anyone who stared at it to feel as if they could see themselves when they grew old many years later. They would naturally sigh and lament the changes of time as well as how it passed by them without leaving a single sign. When they realized it, they would have already arrived at the late stages of their lives. It was… the color of a crane.

As for the yellow long arc that was the symbol of the mortals’ emperor, it was a symbol of supremacy, as if it stood above all and looked down upon the world. It was a color of nobility that could not be put to words. It was a light needed to lead all forms of life, and it was… the color of a dragon!

Those were the five colors!

The color of a child, red, pink, the color of a dragon, and the color of the crane. They contained all forms of life, including humans and gave all forms of existence five different colors.

At that moment, as the five long arcs descended, they changed and transformed into faces that swiftly closed in on Su Ming.

The first to approach him was the color of the child. It instantly reached him, and Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. He lifted his right hand and cut down on the air before him. He knew of the terror of the Arid Disaster, and he had to give it his all when he attacked. The God Slayer Art swiftly appeared and turned into an arc in the air before Su Ming to charge at the color of the child like a long blade falling downwards.

The power of absolute accuracy and rebound immediately erupted the moment the arc touched the lightning which was the color of a child. Su Ming moved back without hesitation while his eyes shone brilliantly. He might have attacked with all his might, but due to the different divine abilities, the strength of his attacks would naturally differ. At that moment, he had only executed the God Slayer Art to test the strength of the lightning.

Based on the results, Su Ming would execute different divine abilities, but he did not expect that when the long blade formed by the God Slayer Art touched the lightning which was the color of a child, it would shudder and shatter to pieces.

Su Ming was stunned. In the meantime, the lightning which was the color of red and pink charged towards him. Behind them were the faces formed by the color of a dragon and a crane. They were all swiftly approaching him.

Su Ming immediately took a few steps back. But when he was about to attack, his heart suddenly shuddered. He sensed that some sort of change seemed to have happened in his body. It was incredibly bizarre, and he sensed his own face changing before the concentrated mass of faces in front of him. The world seemed to be getting smaller before his eyes, and he could not help but have a feeling of weakness raise in his heart.

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe watched Su Ming. He could clearly see him turning into a child. When he gained the appearance of a newborn, anguish appeared on the old man’s face.

“This is the Five Colored Light. When the universe was just born and all lives were created, they were given these fairly distributed five colors. They make up all lives from the moment they were born to the moment they return to dust.

“Only when you crush them and experience the five colors will the disaster truly appear.”

When the old man spoke, Su Ming noticed that his appearance had changed drastically, but the feeling of weakness in his body did not make him feel apprehensive. An even stronger light shone in his eyes.

He could sense that the signs of a breakthrough had become even stronger once his appearance changed.

A resolute glare shone in Su Ming’s eyes. With a single move, he took a step forward without hesitation and punched the air in the direction of the incoming red lightning. As loud booming sounds shot into the air, the red lightning shattered, and even the pink lightning behind it shattered, as if it was so weak that it could not withstand even a single hit.

Su Ming’s appearance changed again. From a newborn, he turned into a teenager, and when he became a man at the prime of his life, Su Ming’s punch landed on the color of a dragon.

As it shattered, Su Ming’s appearance changed again. This time, he was a middle-aged man with an awe-inspiring might, as if he was a supreme existence. It was also during this moment that the feeling as if Su Ming was about to reach a breakthrough reached its peak. With just a little more… he could do it.

With a longing and determination, Su Ming lifted his right hand and pushed the air in the direction of the final color of a crane.

Boom!

The lightning instantly crumbled. When it did, Su Ming threw his head back and howled. His presence was the same as before, but he could sense a form of metamorphosis in his will, like an explosion. This feeling continued, and suddenly, the Five Colored Lightning that had crumbled when it descended gathered together again and manifested before him.

It gathered together so quickly that it gained form in the blink of an eye. The five colors did not take the form of a lightning bolt, however. They appeared as faces, but there were only five faces this time. Each bolt of lightning had taken the form of a face.

All the faces belonged to Su Ming!

They were Su Ming when he was a newborn, a teenager, a young man, a middle-aged man, and an old man. They surrounded each other and formed a huge hand that swiftly went to grab Su Ming.

A powerful sense of danger rose in Su Ming’s heart. The threat came from the hand and the astonishing presence spreading out from it. That presence surpassed the previous red lightning by a lot.

The hand’s speed was so quick that it instantly covered an endless distance. With just one stretch, it covered the entire area around Su Ming. It locked down every possible escape and turned into the sky when it went atop his head. When it enveloped him, it turned into a cage. Its momentum caused booming sounds to shoot up into the air. Then, it clenched its fist to seize Su Ming.

Brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. When the hand locked down every single possible escape route and he was about to be caught in the palm, he closed his eyes. Right away, a large amount of black light surged out of his body.

It was… the Light of Extreme Darkness!

When he was surrounded by the Light of Extreme Darkness, Su Ming looked like a sharp black thorn. Then, he simply allowed the hand to grab him!

Muffled booming sounds shot up. At the moment the hand grabbed Su Ming, it stopped abruptly, and a large amount of black light shot out through the spaces between its fingers. The low growl of a dragon rose from the hand.
