# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1253

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

It was the Dragon of Destruction from Su Ming’s soul, the one from that came from his mother’s race. The dragon gathered together a supreme, chilling air, causing the power of the Light of Extreme Darkness to become much greater. It surrounded Su Ming and turned into the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness, and the Dragon of Destruction roared.

Booming sounds instantly surged up and continued without end, and each one was stronger than the last. In just the span of a few breaths, the palm formed by the five colors looked as if it could no longer close up completely. More black light spilled out from the spaces between its fingers. As it did, it started to look like the hand was being enveloped by endless Light of Extreme Darkness. The image of the Dragon of Destruction manifested in it and charged out.

The Light of Extreme Darkness shining through the spaces of the hand instantly looked as if it had gained sentience. It spread out, as if it had turned Su Ming’s body from something of corporeal form to something without form. He turned into an illusion that fused with the Light of Extreme Darkness, and large quantities of him spread out from the spaces between the fingers to gather in midair again before he turned into the huge and ferocious Dragon of Destruction.

Once the dragon appeared, it roared towards the heavens. Its voice was as mighty as thunder and seemed to contain the might of heaven. Its eyes shone brilliantly when it looked at the hand formed by the five faces.

The hand slowly unfurled, revealing that there was nothing on its palm. Then, the hand rose up and seized the Dragon of Destruction. This time, the five fingers formed by the five faces became clearer.

“Power of Ocean Remover, scatter the Light of Extreme Darkness! Dragon of Destruction in my soul, form the chill!”

The eyes of the Dragon of Destruction shone with a chilling air. As Su Ming mumbled, the Light of Extreme Darkness spread out swiftly. This was a metamorphosis of his divine ability that Su Ming had figured out earlier when he was alone.

Among his divine abilities, Mountain Shifter, Ocean Remover, God of Berserkers Transformation, God Slayer, and Arid Curse were the main ones. When Mountain Shifter fused with the End of Wills Sword, he could bring forth three hundred million mountain souls and turn them into a mighty Art. This was the End of Wills Mountain Soul Tremor Art!

The Ocean Remover Art in itself was a manifestation of the Light of Extreme Darkness. When it fused with the Dragon of Destruction in Su Ming’s soul, its might would increase by several times, but it would not be able to match up to the Mountain Shifter Art that had gathered together three hundred million mountain souls, because this Art did not have a supreme treasure like the End of Wills Sword to be used with it.

But… Su Ming had used the ring on the Ocean Remover Art. Because of it, his Ocean Remover divine ability attained a terrifying might.

Next, it was his God of Berserkers Art. Su Ming no longer needed to test this Art. The first and second style of the God of Berserkers Transformation were by themselves even stronger divine abilities while Su Ming was under the effect of the God of Berserkers Transformation.

At that moment, when he saw the hand formed by the five faces charge towards him, a powerful mighty pressure that seemed to be able to destroy all lives spread out from the hand. In an instant, it approached him. At the moment it seized him, Su Ming growled as the Dragon of Destruction and swept up the ocean-like Light of Extreme Darkness around him. He moved, but he did not retreat. Instead, he charged towards the hand.

When the two sides crashed into each other and the hand opened up to grab the Dragon of Destruction, Su Ming flung his body forward. His tail swung outwards and surrounded the hand, as if he wanted to envelop the five fingers with his tail. With his body as the rope, he intended to bind the five fingers.

During that instant, as the dragon’s tail grew endlessly and touched his head, Su Ming’s body turned into a circle around the hand…

“Slaughter from the Ring of the Freezing Dragon of Destruction.”

When Su Ming mumbled these words, the presence of a supreme treasure erupted from the ring-shaped body of the Dragon of Destruction. The ring came from Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos, and it was a supreme treasure at the level of those in Avanicaya Realm that Su Ming had snatched for himself!

All of this might have seemed to have happened over a long period of time, but in truth, it happened in an instant. At the moment the ring appeared, it immediately grew and seemed to fuse with Su Ming’s Dragon of Destruction to the point that they could no longer be differentiated. When this happened, the Dragon of Destruction’s body swiftly shrank. The ring, too, shrank and bound the five fingers of the hand.

A loud bang shot up. As the Dragon of Destruction that had fused with the ring, not only did Su Ming bind the five fingers together, he also intended to kill them as his body shrank.

This was him taking the initiative from being passive at the start. It was Su Ming revealing his fangs. He did not want to passively receive his disaster. He wanted to take the initiative and attack. He wanted… to destroy the disaster!

From the distance, it looked like Su Ming had turned into a ring. The five fingers on the hand were bound tightly by it, and when he shrank, he was going to break all five fingers!

Booming sounds echoed in the air. As the Dragon of Destruction and the ring shrank swiftly, the five fingers started trembling, especially at the spot where the ring bound them. The skin there swiftly sank, but a powerful rebound continuously made the sunken spots bounce back.

The five fingers shone, but their light was starting to grow dull. Clearly, even this disaster found it hard to escape Su Ming’s counterattack.

Boom!

The index finger was the first to crumble. Once it broke, the red face twisted and disappeared without a trace with a sigh filled with unwillingness to admit defeat.

It was immediately followed by the face of the child on the pinky. Amid the booming sounds, it also crumbled and shattered…

When the first finger crumbled, Su Ming felt his spirits lift, but when the second finger crumbled, the Dragon of Destruction narrowed his eyes slightly.

Su Ming might be confident, but he would not be as egotistical as to believe that his divine ability would be strong enough to force the second disaster of the Antecedental Spirits to retreat. His intention had been to continuously weaken the hand while it struggled, just like how he handled the first disaster. He wanted to weaken it to its extreme before he launched a fatal strike.

Yet at that moment, it might as well be said that the hand had crumbled on its own.

When the finger representing pink crumbled under Su Ming’s Dragon of Destruction Ring, it was followed by the color of a crane, which was the thumb, and the color of a dragon, which was the middle finger. All of them crumbled, causing the ring that was Su Ming to shrink to its limit.

Right when the Dragon of Destruction and the ring shrank to its limit, the five fingers that had already dissipated seemed to float on the palm of the now fingerless hand. Suddenly, the air at the spot where the fingers were distorted, and all the fingers appeared simultaneously, as if the crushing just then had only been an illusion. If it was not because the fingers that appeared once more were clearly much duller than before, Su Ming would have definitely thought that his plan to weaken the fingers had failed.

‘How troublesome, this second disaster…’

Su Ming sighed in his heart. When the five fingers appeared again, they swiftly pressed themselves together to form a fist, intending to grab Su Ming while he was within their grasp.

When Su Ming sighed, the Dragon of Destruction folded itself together. Black light appeared on its body. He watched the five fingers around him charge at him, and a determined expression showed up on his face. He gave up on the other methods he prepared in his plan, because he just realized that even if he used all of them, it was impossible for him to bring about the effect he wanted.

If that was the case, Su Ming decided… that he would use the methods he prepared to fight against the third disaster on the second disaster!

“God of Berserkers Transformation!”

At the instant the hand charged towards Su Ming, covering all the areas around him, and was about to seize him, a brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He lifted his right hand and swung his arm. Immediately, around one hundred million souls of those from Great Berserker Tribe charged towards him. A part of them gathered on his right arm, making it grow endlessly and filling it with a power that could destroy the world. It surged into the sky.

Then, he swung his left arm, and it grew in the exact same manner as his right arm. Countless souls of those from Great Berserker Tribe fused into his arms before filling his torso, so it grew furiously. Then, it was his legs. At the instant all of this was over, Su Ming had already grown from a normal person’s height to about one hundred something, and he was now a giant as tall as a mountain.

His body was filled with power, his eyes shone with great confidence, and a presence that was like a tidal wave erupted from his body. It belonged to the God of Berserkers.

That body was the strongest body of the Berserkers, and Su Ming also possessed a True World’s will. It appeared in the third eye at the center of his brow. Right then, it opened to reveal a small crack, and during that moment, Su Ming was…

The God of the ancient Berserkers. He could fight against the heavens, the earth, and everything in all directions. This was the strongest manifestation of an Antecedental Spirit’s will!

When Su Ming activated the God of Berserkers Transformation, the five fingers were less than hundreds of feet away from him. They covered the area in all directions Su Ming could escape, not allowing him any place to hide, but Su Ming did not intend to hide. Fighting spirit showed up in his eyes. At the moment the fingers descended on him, he growled, leapt forward, lifted his arms swiftly, and pushed them against the descending index finger.

At the instant the two sides clashed, booming sounds surged into the sky. The index finger shuddered violently and could no longer continue descending. Once it was pushed back by the effects of the God of Berserkers’ Transformation, Su Ming growled.

He clenched his right fist and punched the index finger. It shuddered and bounced back under, allowing Su Ming to fly out from the gap even though the other four fingers had already furled into a fist.

Su Ming did not leave far into the distance. Instead, once he flew out, he turned around, pushed his hands together, turned into a long arc that charged towards the clenched hand.

“The countless souls of the Berserkers that have existed for tens of thousands of years that Great Berserker Tribe has existed, today is the day I go through my disaster. Are all of you… willing to lend me a hand?!”

Countless shadows seemed to appear at that instant in the area around Su Ming. Those shadows were indistinct, and if one did not pay close attention to them, they would not be able to see them clearly. In fact, even if they watched them clearly, they would feel as if they were just a figment of their imagination.

Perhaps they existed, but perhaps they did not. Su Ming’s God of Berserkers form instantly closed in on the clenched fist. At the moment they collided, the bang that shot up stirred up all of Yin Death Vortex. Booming sounds traveled through the entire world and even to the world beyond.

When the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe saw this, strong light shone in his eyes.

Amid the booms, the five faces on the hand twisted violently. The index finger was the first to crumble, followed by the little finger, the ring finger, the thumb, the middle finger, and eventually, the palm. All of them crumbled under Su Ming’s incredible power after he received the great boost once he went through his God of Berserkers Transformation.

The second disaster shattered!

Su Ming moved back and coughed up a mouthful of blood, but the fighting spirit on his face was still burning brilliantly. The life in his body tumbled while his will roared like a tidal wave and howled like an angry wolf. He had once again sensed that intent to reach a breakthrough in his heart.

‘I can now go through my second spirit ascension, and if I can reach another breakthrough, I can go through two consecutive spirit ascensions and reach the third stage!’
