# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1254

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Before, Su Ming was on a path leading to the heavens. On this path he could see light, future, and hope. This was the path of nine spirit ascensions. With three spirit ascensions, he could reach the power of those in Avanicaya Realm. With six spirit ascensions, he could become unbeatable among those in Avacaniya Realm. With nine spirit ascensions, he could become a life form which countless lives in the second era in this aeon within Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos wished to become but which none of them had been able to achieve…

Ancestral Spirit!

After nine spirit ascensions, he could become an Ancestral Spirit. Once he became one, it would mean that he stood at the peak among those during the second era. There would no longer be any forms of life that could endanger him, because Ancestral Spirits shared their lives with the universe. In fact, in some sense, they had already become a part of each other.

The path Su Ming originally took was not the path of an Ancestral Spirit. Only when several events were added together did he take the path to become an Ancestral Spirit. When he Possessed True Morning Dao World and perfected its will, it could be said that he… already possessed a relatively infinite amount of life, even if he had not noticed this as of then.

There was no end to his life. His existence was eternal. Unless the True World was completely destroyed and his will entirely wiped out, even if Su Ming’s form and spirit were destroyed, he would no longer die.

All of these elements caused Su Ming to become an incredibly unique existence, even if he had been in the era of the Ancestral Spirits. He was an Antecedental Spirit, but he was also one of the four Great True Worlds under Arid Triad’s will, thereby allowing him to form a strange connection with Arid Triad’s will. This connection was one that even the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe could only barely understand. He did not know the details behind it, because this was a right only Ancestral Spirits possessed.

However… Su Ming could!

It was precisely because of his act of Possessing a True World after he became an Antecedental Spirit that he slowly came to an understanding, and that was why Su Ming yearned dearly for the next few spirit ascensions.

He longed to successfully have his spirit ascend nine times at the fastest speed possible to take that legendary step into the indescribable Realm, but even though Su Ming longed for it, it was not something that he could obtain just by wanting it. He needed a breakthrough in his state of being, his will, and his heart.

Only when he was worthy enough would he be able to obtain the foundation for the next spirit ascension.

That was why even though Su Ming placed a high value on this matter, he knew that he could not rush it. Yet now… when he sensed his will and his state of being boiling, he knew that he was about to be ready to go through his second spirit ascension. In fact, the right to go through his third spirit ascension was also right before his eyes, and greed rose in Su Ming’s heart.

Riches came from danger. This was a proverb since ancient times, and at that moment, all that Su Ming did proved it right.

‘The spirit of heaven is in this disaster. The possibility of me dying is not high, but I have to prepare myself well and be on guard… No matter what, if I can rush out of Yin Death Region, I will immediately head to All Spirits Hall and begin my spirit ascension… If I can have my spirit ascend twice and reach the third… then I…’

The longing in Su Ming’s eyes grew to be stronger than he had ever felt it before. The legacy of the All Spirits Hall was in front of him. Others would not dare to attempt it even after they saw it, since they did not have the numbers to obtain the legacy.

Su Ming had the numbers, but he was not worthy enough. He had hesitated for a long time because of this before he gritted his teeth and left, forcing himself to no longer think of the strange properties of the All Spirits Hall.

Yet now, Su Ming saw hope. While under the effects of the All Spirits Hall, he threw his head back and roared. A monstrous light appeared in his eyes, and in the slightly dark Yin Death Vortex, his eyes were like two bright lamps. The fire in them burned with life and shone with hope.

‘Why isn’t the third disaster here yet?!’

When Su Ming lifted his head, light shone in his eyes, making him an incredibly eye-catching sight in Yin Death Vortex. When he leapt up, an increasingly greater aura erupted from his body. It surrounded him, and for the first time… he gathered it together to form a whirlwind in the vortex!

This scene was just like what the old man from Heavenly Spirits Tribe had done, but the old man had only been able to form a vortex with his great cultivation base.

Su Ming could not hope to compare to the old man’s level of cultivation. However, he possessed an incredibly unique condition—he had a True World clone. He had the Arid Curse that could affect those in Avacaniya Realm and make the Arid Triad’s will wake up from its slumber. He could also live through the first and second disasters based on his own abilities. All the strange changes that happened to him due to being in the depths of Yin Death Vortex had also caused Su Ming’s aura to turn into a vortex instead of him only being to utilize it.

The vortex stirred up loud booming sounds and was the third vortex in Yin Death Vortex. When the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe saw this, he immediately narrowed his eyes. A surprised look appeared on his face.

The difference in the vortices might not seem great, but in truth, this was an ability of those who had succeeded in their third spirit ascension.

When Su Ming’s aura turned into a vortex, the light in the old man’s eyes shone brilliantly. He lifted his right hand and formed a seal before him. His lips moved slightly, as if he was calculating something.

He saw that there seemed to be something strange and enchanting contained in the vortex Su Ming had created with his will, but he could not see it clearly. He could only see that it seemed to have wings…

All of this might have seemed to have happened over a long period of time, but in truth, only a few breaths had passed since the destruction of the second disaster to the moment Su Ming created the vortex.

The moment the aura from Su Ming’s body while he was under the effects of the God of Berserkers Transformation created the third vortex in Yin Death Region, a flashing light appeared above Yin Death Vortex.

It could not be seen clearly, though, for it flickered constantly. It seemed like it would continue shining in this manner forever.

The Arid Triad rumbled. Light of different brightness intersected with each other, as if all of Arid Triad had been placed in a single house, and the lamp in it was flickering on and off. It was difficult for the different degrees of brightness to overlap with each other.

This was how Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos looked like at that moment!

“The legendary Six Flash Disaster… must surely be the one that would arrive after the Five Colored Lightning. One flash would mean one hundred thousand years, and the second flash would mean one million…”

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe lifted his head and stared at the vortex. His expression was even graver than before.

‘And judging by the looks of it… Su Ming’s first Arid Disaster will not be limited to just three?’

When the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe thought of this, his expression changed swiftly.

At that moment, when booming sounds echoed in Yin Death Vortex, the entire vortex varied between being bright and dark, between being lit and being engulfed in darkness, and it looked like all of it came from pictures.

Those pictures were extending downwards as if there were some sort of ancient beast hidden in the flashes of light. At that moment, the ferocious beast had opened its mouth wide and was charging towards Su Ming with madness in its eyes.
