# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1255

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

One flash was one hundred thousand years!

This was the Six Flash Disaster of the Antecedental Spirit’s third disaster. The power of this disaster could affect all forms of life. They would reach their end, and even if Antecedental Spirits seemed to have endless life, they would still be affected. Besides Ancestral Spirit who had went through nine spirit ascensions to achieve relatively eternal life, every single form of life would still reach the end of their life at some point.

This disaster did not seem powerful, but it was predominated by the power of time. It was used as a millstone, and it would reduce all forms of life into ash in the passage of time.

Even if it was the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe, he believed that he would need to spend a lot of his life to pass through it. In fact, he did not even dare to have the entire Six Flash Disaster descend. Before the third flash, he would search for the path of the disaster and use all his power to strike its unseen source.

This was what he would choose with his current level of cultivation. He would forcefully break the disaster.

However, the method he used was based on the foundation that he his spirit had ascended eight times. He was worthy of doing so, and he could do it as well, but if it was anyone else…

There were few who could forcefully break the disaster’s descent like the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe, which was why they could only face the disaster. However, practically all those who faced the Six Flash Disaster head-on… would find themselves turning into ash in the passage of time.

After all, there is no life that could perfectly experience all six flashes. After all, while the first flash would make one hundred thousand years disappear, the second flash would cause one million years to disappear, and the third flash would cause ten million years to disappear.

These numbers might sound as if they were nothing, but there was no form of life that was confident to being able to survive one hundred thousand years, much less one million, ten million, or the fourth flash’s one hundred million years!

And as for the fifth flash, not even the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe dared touch it. That was a disappearance of one billion years, and he absolutely did not have enough years for it. Once the fifth flash appeared, he would immediately be reduced into ash.

And the final sixth flash would take ten billion years!

No one knew just how many years of life an Expanse Cosmos had. It might have more than ten billion years of life, but it might also have less than ten billion years, which was why the sixth as well as the fifth flashes had never descended over the countless years when other people went through their Antecedental Spirit’s disaster.

All those who could get through the Six Flash Disaster would forcefully break it like what the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe would do. All those who could not do it would become dust in the passage of time at the third or at most the fourth flash.

Yet when Su Ming saw the Six Flash Disaster and heard the words of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe, his eyes suddenly flashed. A profound smile appeared on his lips.

If it was any other disaster, it would be difficult for Su Ming to handle it. As the third disaster, it would surely be as devastating as any other, and Su Ming would not have too much confidence in going through it.

But… the Six Flash Disaster was predominantly formed by the power of time. In terms of his years of life, it was impossible for Su Ming’s soul from Great Berserker Tribe or blood from Great Abyss Tribe to get through it… but he a clone that was a True World!

It was part of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, and while Su Ming did not know how many years of life a True World had, he knew that… he was definitely one of the people in the world who could simply allow the Six Flash Disaster to descend on him.

Unless this disaster could destroy a True World’s years of life, it was impossible for Su Ming to be reduced to ash in this disaster.

Once he understood what the Six Flash Disaster was, Su Ming immediately cancelled his God of Berserkers Transformation. His body instantly returned to normal, allowing him to retain a little time to be under the effect of the God of Berserkers Transformation if he wanted to cast it again.While standing in Yin Death Vortex, he lifted his head to look above him with an aloof gaze.

Yin Death Vortex shone with flashes of light as if a primitive, ferocious beast was swiftly descending. In just a few breaths, the brightness and darkness would close in on Su Ming.

When it did, the first flash of the Six Flash Disaster swiftly descended!

All of Yin Death Vortex instantly turned bright. The light was piercing to the eyes, and it practically covered all of Yin Death Vortex. Only the bottommost portion of the vortex remained dark. It was an abyss that no light could enter.

But Su Ming was surrounded by powerful light. It only lasted for about a few breaths before a murmur filled with an ancient tone seemed to come from an ancient past. It echoed through the entire world, Arid Triad, and Yin Death Vortex. The next instant… everything became dark!

When light and darkness switched places, Su Ming felt as if he had lost something from his body. What he lost was life force, years of his life, and his essence. It had been the first flash that could make a mortal instantly die an unknown number of times, and it was also the one that killed most cultivators, but to Su Ming, compared to the vast life force his True World clone possessed, the life force he lost… was practically just a drop in an ocean!

“Is that all?”

A hint of derision appeared at the corners of Su Ming’s lips. He watched the Six Flash Disaster alternate between light and dark and did not fight against it, because his endless life was the best defense against this disaster.

“I have plenty of life force. If you have the ability, then go on ahead and suck it all out. You can descend at will, but if this is all you can do, then do not appear before me a second time in the future!”

Su Ming flung his arm, and his presence became as great as a tidal wave. With his hair danced in the air, he haughtily looked above.

Boom!

Arid Triad shuddered. While still alternating between varying degrees of brightness and darkness, Yin Death Vortex was suddenly filled with a layer of light, as if Su Ming’s provocation had stirred up the anger of some form of will. The moment he finished speaking, the second of the Six Flash Disaster descended with a bang!

The period of time when the entire world was basked in light was longer than it was in the dark. When the world became dark again, it was as if Su Ming’s body had fused with the darkness. The bright world seemed to be making Su Ming’s life force scatter while the darkness was a black death scythe. It cut into his body without being seen and took away one million years of his life!

Su Ming’s face went pale, but he immediately recovered. His True World clone with its vast amount of lifeforce was completely unbothered by the disappearance of some of it. If the disappearance of one hundred thousand years was a drop in an ocean, then one million years… was at most a cup of water!

A scornful smile appeared at the corners of Su Ming’s lips, and he simply allowed the Six Flash Disaster to descend as if it was just rainwater. No matter how heavily the rain poured from the sky, it could not affect him. He swung his arm and sensed that the intent to break through in his body had clearly become stronger. While laughing, Su Ming spoke with an arrogant, domineering tone.

“The Six Flash Disaster is truly nothing. Do you still dare to come?”

Su Ming lifted his head, and a powerful and brilliant light shone in his eyes. As his aura surrounded him, the vortex he had formed rumbled. This scene caused the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe to stare at Su Ming for a long, long time.

For some unknown reason, when he looked at the current Su Ming, a few words appeared in his mind. ‘He has already gained full maturity!’

Booming sounds shook the sky. The Six Flash Disaster swiftly switched to a brilliant light again. As it flashed, the third flash descended, and it was not alone. The fourth flash also charged forward.

The third and fourth flashes came in succession. The power to wear away one million years of life as well as ten million years of life descended simultaneously. It immediately formed an unseen blade that charged past Su Ming.

Su Ming’s face turned pale again. When he took two steps back, his face turned paler still, but it only lasted for a moment before he instantly recovered. One million years was equivalent to ten cups of water in an ocean, and even ten million years was just one hundred cups from an ocean.

This level of wearing away his life might have some effect on him, but he had a vast amount of life from his True World clone… so he could still bear with it!

When the third and fourth flashes disappeared, an excited note was added to Su Ming’s laughter. He did not mind the disappearance of the years in his life. With the True World clone, not even he knew how many years he had. The only thing he cared about was reaching a breakthrough for his will.

During that instant just then, he could clearly feel the booming sounds in his head grow several times stronger. As his aura increased in power, his will and his state of being swiftly reached a breakthrough, and he became able to go through the third spirit ascension.

This was Su Ming’s greatest reward for going through the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster.

“With my current self, the moment I get out of Yin Death Vortex and get back into All Spirits Hall, I can go through two spirit ascensions… and become a powerful warrior at the level of those in Avacaniya Realm!

“Avacaniya! It’s Avacaniya!”

From the excitement, a powerful light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He dreamt of becoming more powerful because only when he was strong could he become the master of his own fate, and only then could he protect the people he wanted to protect.

“The fifth flash, do you still dare to come forth!”

As Su Ming laughed, his aura surrounded him even more powerfully. The vortex swept through all directions and became a whirlwind of one thousand feet. It gave a presence as threatening as a tidal wave.

The alternating flashes of brightness and darkness seemed to hesitate at that moment, but after several breaths, the fifth flash that had never appeared in that era swiftly descended.

Regardless of whether it was Arid Triad or Yin Death Vortex, the entire universe roared.

The fifth flash would wipe away one billion years of life. To any person, this was incredibly terrifying, and even the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe would not dare to try it, but Su Ming…

As he laughed long and hard, he simply allowed the fifth flash to descend on him and allowed the years of his life to be wiped away, but it could only make his face pale. To his True World clone, this was just equivalent to one thousand cups of water from an ocean; it was nothing!

The sixth flash was the final flash of the Six Flash Disaster, and it had appeared incredibly rarely in the many aeons Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos had lived through, much less the current one. Yet at that moment… it descended!

Ten billion years of life was a period of time so long that it was impossible to describe in a single sentence. Perhaps only an existence like Su Ming who had Possessed a True World could remain laughing under the sixth flash.

How many cups of water would it be in an ocean? It would certainly not be few. It would surpass ten thousand cups, but at most, it would just be one hundred thousand cups. It would be difficult for it to surpass that number, which was why the sixth flash wiped out only one-tenth of the life force of a True World.

This destruction caused Su Ming’s face to turn pale and blood to trickle out of the corners of his mouth, but that was all. Red appeared in his eyes, but his laughter did not disappear. He stood tall in Yin Death Vortex with his laughter echoing in the air. He has went through the third disaster. In fact, it could be said that he had perfectly cleared it!
