# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1260

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The place was filled with Yin Death Aura, just like how Arid Triad was filled with Bright Yang Aura. The people born in this world couldn’t notice it, since it was difficult for them to tell that there were also four Great True Worlds in this world filled with Yin Death Aura.

Their names were different. Morning Dao was known as Immortal Sect. Sacred Yin was known as Illusory Yang. The Emperor of Abyss was known as Sky Hill. As for the fourth True World, it was known as Victory Colony.

In True Victory Colony World was a palace in space. Right then, there was a figure sitting in there while meditating. That figure belonged to a young man. His age could not be told from his face, but those who saw him could vaguely sense that the dust of time had filled the area around him.

He had his eyes closed while his expression was aloof. If Su Ming was there, he would definitely be able to tell with just one glance that this person… was his other self in this universe. Their appearances was the exact same.

The man’s originally calm expressions was suddenly shaken. His eyes flew swiftly open, and all those who saw him could clearly see the shadow of a butterfly in his pupils.

His body trembled, and his aura swiftly increased, as if a force had rushed into his body, causing his state of being and will to instantly increase in power exponentially.

The entire process lasted for about two hours before it slowly calmed down. The young man’s eyes were filled with red at that moment. To him, it felt like the world had turned over its head in that time. His power had increased by a lot, and a dazed look appeared on his face. The sudden increase of his power caused him to be extremely puzzled.

“What happened?”

The young man frowned and mumbled softly to himself. Two hours ago, his level of cultivation had only been at the equivalent of Life Realm, but right then, he had instantly become an existence with the power equivalent to those in Death Realm. This explosive increase in his power should originally cause him to feel discomfort—after all, it was an external power—but it was definitely not the case. It was as if this power had always belonged to him.

When the young man fell into contemplative silence, a glint appeared in his eyes, and he lifted his head. He looked beyond his palace, and in just the span of a few breaths, a figure came inside. It instantly appeared before the young man and turned into an old man. The old man was dressed in a black robe, and there was a butterfly embroidered on his robe. As he approached the palace, he immediately knelt down.

The old man had extraordinary power, and he was also in Death Realm, but his act of kneeling to the young man was not at all lacking in fluency or filled with dissatisfaction. Instead, it was incredibly sincere. It was as if he was worshiping his Progenitor.

“Greetings, Child of Morus Alba. Your Grace, a drastic change has occurred in True Immortal Sect World. The entire True World was reduced to a wreck in just two hours… Most of the planets had crumbled, and there is also a whirlwind surrounding it. In fact, a huge gap has appeared above!” the old man explained quickly with an anxious look on his face.

“I understand.” The young man looked as composed as ever.

The old man looked as if he had something else to say, but he did not voice what was on his mind. Instead, he got up and was just about to announce his leave when the young man suddenly asked, “Did the other two Children of Morus Alba do anything?”

“Not for the moment,” the old man answered respectfully. When he saw the young man sinking into contemplative silence and making no move to give further instruction, he left the hall.

‘It’s also within two hours, and it’s in True Immortal Sect World… There is something strange about this!’

The young man remained silent for a moment before a cold sneer appeared at the corners of his lips. As one of the three great incarnations of Harmonious Morus Alba’s will, he possessed the ability to communicate with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will since he was young, and it was precisely because of this that he became one of the three Children of Morus Alba.

He was the representative of Harmonious Morus Alba’s will in this Expanse Cosmos. He had a high status, and with just one sentence, he could determine the deaths of ten thousand people. With just one sentence, he could make the universe go mad. This was his right, because as the incarnation of Harmonious Morus Alba, he was believed to be the manifestation of Harmonious Morus Alba’s will in the Expanse Cosmos.

‘Could it be that my disaster has arrived?’

In silence, the young man closed his eyes. He lifted his right hand and pressed it at the center of his brow. With it, his body shuddered, and the image of a butterfly gradually appeared behind him. It surrounded the young man and turned into a whirlwind.

The butterfly flapped its wings before it completely merged with the whirlwind. It concealed the young man’s figure within it, which was him using his right as the Child of Morus Alba to initiate a simple communication with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will, or rather… he was borrowing Harmonious Morus Alba’s power… the strongest power he had as the incarnation of Harmonious Morus Alba!

This was an ability only he and the other two Children of Morus Alba shared, and it was precisely it that allowed him to be able to instantly kill someone in Death Realm even though he was previously only in Life Realm!

…..

During the sudden change in True Immortal Sect World in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos, the entire True World was reduced to ruins. Countless planets were shattered, causing the cultivators in the place to find their hearts tremble under this disaster.

Thankfully, True Immortal Sect World had always maintained a certain degree of mysteriousness. It had some limitations set on it, such as the number of cultivators being restricted in the True World and the area around Bright Yang Vortex being declared a forbidden ground.

Because of this, the damage caused by the disaster that swept through all of True Immortal Sect World mostly affected the True World itself. The cultivators were not too influenced by it.

At the edge of True Immortal Sect World was a cultivation planet that had been split into half. There was once a tall mountain reaching one hundred thousand feet there. Right then, it had been reduced to a gorge. Beside it was a middle-aged cultivator who looked around the area with a bitter smile.

There were seven people surrounding him at that moment. They had aloof expressions of their faces as their glared at the person.

“Fellow Daoists, why trouble yourselves to chase after me? I, Qian, truly did not steal your sect’s jade wire… I really didn’t steal it… I already swore I didn’t steal it just now, I…” The middle-aged man stared at the seven men and while explaining himself with a bitter smile.

The seven people’s expressions instantly changed drastically. They took a simultaneous step forward and surrounded the middle-aged man. One of them immediately said in exasperation, “Shut up. If it was not because of eldest senior brother’s orders, we would have long ago captured you and brought you back to the sect. We already gave you a chance, and you still dare to talk about the oath you swore just now?!”

They did not dare let this middle-aged man continue speaking, because they would never forget just how terrifying the scene just then had been…

The group of seven in pursuit of this middle-aged man had finally been able to catch up to him in True Immortal Sect World. Since this person was a close friend of their eldest senior brother, they had not made things difficult for him. They only wanted to make him explain things clearly.

As for whether they were supposed to bring him back to the sect, they were to do so judging on the situation. After all, there were sixty people whom they were supposed to investigate this time, and the person before them was just one of them.

Things had gone very smoothly at the start. Once this person provided his explanation, he looked as if he was afraid that they would not believe in him, and hence, he swore an oath saying… that if his words were lies, the sky and earth would crumble…

The seven of them would naturally not believe in oaths. After all, they had heard rumors about the middle-aged man’s character. It was said that he swore the same oath every single day to different people.

However… what they did not expect was that the moment the middle-aged man finished speaking… the sky and earth immediately crumbled.

But that was not all. The middle-aged man had reacted to the situation very quickly and immediately swore another oath, saying that if his words were lies, the planet would immediately shatter!

And right when he said those words, the planet rumbled and shattered…

Then, in a panic, the middle-aged man swore another oath, saying that space would shatter, and then.. a whirlwind howled in space, as if it truly wanted to crush the universe. It looked like all of True Immortal Sect World was faced with an apocalypse.

Not only were the seven people stunned by the scene, even the middle-aged man looked like he had seen a ghost. Then, as the World went through the drastic change, he fled.

But the seven caught up to him again. When the middle-aged man heard the exasperated shouts, a distressed expression immediately appeared on his face, and he felt incredibly depressed. He had sworn plenty of oaths in his life, but not once had they come true. What happened just then had terrified him. He had not thought that with just one sentence… he could make the sky and earth crumble.

And judging by the looks of it, the sky and earth in all of True Immortal Sect World had crumbled, the space shattered. All of it pushed him into the misconception that… the universe was punishing him.

‘But… isn’t the price for the punishment too great? I am just a nobody. I… I just like to swear oaths. There’s no need to use the destruction of an entire True World to warn me, right?’

The middle-aged man was feeling incredibly anxious. At that moment, when he saw the seven people surround him and take a step forward with hostile expressions, he instinctively spoke.

“I swear…”

“Shut up! How dare you still try to swear?! Do you want us to capture you or will you follow us obediently?!”

When the seven saw that he was about to speak, their expressions changed drastically. One of them immediately formed a seal and looked like they wanted to cast a divine ability.

When he saw that the seven were about to attack, the middle-aged man roared, “I swear… Damn it, I swear that if I stole your jade wire, then… then the Child of Morus Alba will come to personally punish me!”

His roar was filled with the tone of someone who had been wronged. This was the first time he swore this oath. After all, swearing by the name of the Child of Morus Alba in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos was an incredibly serious matter. It was the same as swearing by the name of Arid Triad’s will in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos.

Regardless of whether it would come true, the oath itself required a form of determination.

When the seven heard this, their footsteps came to a halt. They were truly afraid now. The person before them gave them a feeling that he was a little too strange. Every single oath he swore had come true. At that moment, when the seven heard the man’s words, one of them instinctively lifted his head to stare at the heavens.

Almost the same moment, he shuddered and sucked in a sharp breath. In that inhale was the shock he felt.

As the other people raised their heads as well and the middle-aged man did the same thing, they saw…

A long arc charging toward them from the sky. It instantly drew close and within was Su Ming. The instant the seven saw his face, they sucked in a sharp breath.

“We, disciples of Freezing Winter Sect, greet the Child of Morus Alba!”

The seven knelt down simultaneously, and the middle-aged man’s face turned pale as he nearly fell down on his bottom. He suddenly felt that his retribution had arrived…
