# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1262

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

‘Three Children of Morus Alba… and one of them is the other version of me in this Expanse Cosmos. This also explains why I can move through the vortex, but the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe can not.

‘The other me can communicate with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will. He is the supreme Child of Morus Alba, only second to Harmonious Morus Alba.’ Su Ming let his eyes fall shut to hide his thoughts.

A brilliant light shone beneath his eyelids, and then, he thought of another question. ‘Who are the other two… Children of Morus Alba?

‘If the other me can communicate with Harmonious Morus Alba… then can I do it as well? And Di Tian is hidden in Yin Death Vortex. Does he have some form of connection with Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos as well?

‘There’s Su Xuan Yi as well. This person is a man of great talent and ambition. My level of cultivation might surpass his, but I still can’t guess the details of his plan. I feel as if I’m missing some very important clues…

‘By the looks of it… does he also know about Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos’ existence?!’

When Su Ming thought of this, a myriad of thoughts spun in his head. In silence, he did not bother himself with the forces of power in the three Great True Worlds here. The thing he paid attention to the most was that the three Children of Morus Alba who could use the divine abilities of Harmonious Morus Alba’s will.

“If… I can take you to…”

While Su Ming was mulling over his thoughts, Qian Chen seemed to have said something. Su Ming stopped thinking and lifted his head to look at him.

“I was saying that if you want to see Bai Su, I… can bring you to the planet where she lived. But one thousand something years have already passed. As a mortal, she should have already passed away a long time ago.” Qian Chen did not know what Su Ming had gone through. His memories still stayed in the past, which was why he said those words.

Su Ming was silent for a moment, as if he remembered something. Once he touched his storage bag, he nodded.

Qian Chen had a slightly complicated look on his face. Clearly, he had misunderstood Su Ming’s feelings for Bai Su. He sighed. After a moment, the two of them turned into two long arcs that charged out of the planet and left into the distance.

True Sky Hill World was filled with brilliant nebula. From the distance, they looked incredibly beautiful, and they dazzled the minds of all who saw them. Two long arcs shot through the sky, and Su Ming continued getting closer to them with Qian Chen as they moved forward.

With Qian Chen’s level of cultivation, it would take him an incredibly long time before to step into Sky Hill, but with Su Ming sweeping him up with his power, they traveled at a speed that surpassed shifting.

In just two hours, Su Ming and Qian Chen left True Immortal Sect World and stepped into Sky Hill’s galaxy.

It was boundless and quiet. Not many cultivators could be seen, and even if there were some in the area, they would not be able to notice Su Ming. Under Qian Chen’s instructions, when the time it takes for two incense sticks to burn passed, a blue cultivation planet appeared before Su Ming.

That cultivation planet was incredibly beautiful. It was blue because most of the planet was occupied by an ocean. There were two continents on it. Based on Qian Chen’s instructions, Su Ming moved, and the universe in his view changed. He landed on the top of a mountain located on the continent to the right of the planet.

A mountain breeze howled, and it brought with it a chilling presence. The place was covered in a white layer of snow, and when Su Ming cast his gaze over, he saw snow falling down from the sky. It looked like there was no end to it.

Qian Chen thought for a moment before he lifted his finger and pointed into the distance. “It’s this continent. I remember seeing her in the city of the mortal country in that direction.”

When Su Ming looked over, his expression was as calm as ever. After a long while, he shook his head.

“It’s been one thousand years. Countries will always change. There’s no…”

Su Ming closed his eyes and spread his divine sense outwards. After a long while, when he opened his eyes, a complicated look appeared on his face. He turned around and brought Qian Chen with him to disappear from the snow on the mountain.

When he reappeared, he was standing outside a village next to a mountain. The village seemed to be secluded from the world. There was smoke rising into the morning sky. Occasionally, the sounds of dogs barking could be heard, and they were mixed with the sounds of children playing.

The village was not big. There were only about sixty families in it. In the snowy morning, several children were building snowmen while laughing. Su Ming watched all of this quietly before calmly walking over. Mortals could not see him move past them.

When he walked to the house belonging to one of the family’s in the village, Su Ming stopped. There were quite a number of women moving in and out of the house at that moment, and they were delivering hot water nonstop into one of the rooms.

Occasionally, the sound of a woman exerting all her strength would travel out of the room. A man standing outside paced back and forth in anxiety. His wife was in labor, but she could not give birth… It was as if the time had not arrived yet… and the person they were waiting for had not arrived yet.

Su Ming stared at it for a moment before walking into the courtyard to step into another room. It was an ancestral hall, and there were quite a number of plates placed in it. They were the ancestors of this family, and they were worshiped by this family generation after generation.

Qian Chen stayed by Su Ming’s side and quietly watched him stare at the plates in the ancestral hall. Eventually, his gaze landed on the topmost plate.

By his ears were still the occasional screams from the woman in labor in the other room. After a long while, Su Ming sighed softly and touched his storage bag before he turned around, and with one step, he appeared in the woman’s room.

As he stared at her experiencing difficulty in giving birth, he found that her face somewhat resembled that of Bai Su. In silence, Su Ming patted his storage bag, and an illusory shadow resembling a wandering soul flew out to float around him. It was… the Celestial Maiden [1].

As he stared at the Celestial Maiden, Su Ming sighed softly. With a swing of his right hand, the Celestial Maiden’s soul circled Su Ming a few times, as if there was a hint of a reluctance to part within it, then she slowly fused into the woman’s womb.

“Perhaps it was destined that I would come here to cut my ties with you the second time in this place. The first was in Arid Triad, and the second in Harmonious Morus Alba…” Su Ming said softly. He stared at the soul disappearing into the woman’s womb, then turned around and left quietly.

At the instant Su Ming left, he heard a baby’s cries. The voice seemed to carry a reluctance to part, along with a hint of regret…

But the sounds of laughter and cheers from the family washed away this sadness.

Qian Chen stared at all of this in a daze. He did not understand why this happened, because he did not understand what Su Ming had went through…

On a continent of this planet in True Sky Hill World was a lake. Su Ming sat beside it and watched the lake as snow fell from the sky, but it did not freeze the water. There was steam rising from the surface of the lake, making it clear that there was a heat source underneath.

“So, tell me where your enemies are,” Su Ming said faintly.

Qian Chen was momentarily stunned by his side. He was just about to say something when Su Ming turned his head and stared at Qian Chen with a smile.

“I won’t be staying long in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos. I have certain things to do as well while I’m here. If you don’t tell me, then once I leave, you won’t have this chance anymore,” Su Ming said while smiling.

There was no way he would not be able to tell with his intellect that Qian Chen had intentionally mentioned Bai Su to lure him to come to Sky Hill. If anyone else had done this, Su Ming would harbor killing intent toward them, but Qian Chen definitely had something he needed from Su Ming, so instead of lurking around, it would be better for them to be direct.

An awkward expression appeared on Qian Chen’s face. He looked as if he wanted to explain something, but then gritted his teeth and wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed deeply towards Su Ming.

“Sky Hill Jade Palace’s Western Deity Sect, which is under Li Tian Wang’s jurisdiction. The current seal bearer eldest disciple in that sect should have been me, but I was framed by wicked people, and they forced me to leave. This person has vast and deep connections in Western Deity Sect, and he is the son of Li Shou, one of the Li Tian Wang’s four generals!

“He destroyed my cultivation base and snatched my lover so that he could seize the status of the seal bearer disciple. He forced me to constantly flee, as if toying with me… This is something that happened in the past, and it’s also because of this that I was forced to flee into Bright Yang Vortex, which is how I entered the Berserkers’ world.

“I returned later on. This person might not have attacked me again, but every single time I return to the sect to make offerings to my Master, he caused trouble for me. My level of cultivation is not as great as his, and I can’t take revenge for what he did to me. I can only endure it.

“Those troubles are like the ones I ran into just now. A sect I visited lost a treasure of theirs, and I was made accountable for it. If it was not because I am somewhat acquainted with Freezing Winter Sect’s seal bearer eldest disciple, I would have been unable to run from being humiliated by this person again.”

“How do you want to deal with Western Deity Sect?” Su Ming asked while looking at Qian Chen.

“Killing him alone is enough, but if…”Qian Chen gritted his teeth, and a ferocious expression appeared on his face. Before he even spoke, Su Ming nodded.

“I don’t do things by reason or rationality. I only care about the feelings of those close to me. Since you asked, then Western Deity Sect… should be destroyed,” Su Ming said slowly.

Once these words left his mouth, Qian Chen sucked in a sharp breath. He had wanted to say that if Su Ming was able to, he would like him to kill a few of his opponent’s seniors in secret as well, but when he thought of the status of Western Deity Sect’s Sect Master, he had hesitated.

“Are there any more?” Su Ming asked.

“There is also… Northern Waves Sect. It is also one of the four sects under Li Tian Wang. In the past…” Qian Chen felt slightly worked up. He had heard the casualness in Su Ming’s words and had a vague guess of Su Ming’s level of cultivation. At that moment, before he finished speaking, Su Ming nodded again.

“Northern Waves Sect. Are there any more?”

“And there’s also Zhennan [2] Xun Sect. It’s also Li Tian Wang’s…”

“Alright, I will wipe off this Li Tian Wang you speak of and destroy all of his sects. Will that be enough?”

“Urk… Freezing Winter Sect is actually quite nice to me… Huh? Wipe off Li Tian Wang? He-he’s a powerful warrior in Death Realm, and his power is so great that it’s unfathomable. He…”

When Qian Chen said those words, he sucked in a sharp breath again and stared at Su Ming blankly, because Su Ming had just said those four words to him again.

“Are there any more?”

“No… None. No more.”

Qian Chen shuddered in his heart. He suddenly felt a little scared. Based on what he understood of Su Ming, his casualness was definitely not an intentional slight. He was… truly completely unbothered and dismissive of this matter.

Wiping off several sects and a powerful warrior who had already perfected Death Realm while being so unbothered and dismissive of it was enough proof to tell just how great Su Ming’s level of cultivation had become. This caused Qian Chen’s breathing to quicken, but he still did not quite dare to believe it.

“Li Tian Wang is…”

“Alright. Bring me to Western Deity Sect first. You will need to do something about your face too. After all, after this is done, I will leave, but you will still stay here.”

Su Ming turned around and lifted his right hand to swing it at Qian Chen. Qian Chen’s appearance immediately changed, and he turned into an old man. His presence had also became different. Unless there was someone whose will was stronger than Su Ming’s… no one would be able to tell that the old man beside him was Qian Chen.
