# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1263

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The reason Su Ming chose to help Qian Chen was because they were old friends. Since Qian Chen had already spoken, Su Ming would not refuse him. Besides, destroying a few sects and a cultivator in Death Realm was…

He was indeed completely unbothered by it. Forget Li Tian Wang, even if he had to wipe off all the powerful warriors in True Sky Hill World, it would not be an impossible feat for Su Ming.

Besides helping Qian Chen with his revenge, Su Ming had his own goals as well. He wanted to make a ruckus and bring attention to himself in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos. He wanted to catch the attention of all the powerful warriors and make the other version of himself who was a Child of Morus Alba come to him.

It would be much easier than him searching for his other self on his own. After all, this was Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos. If his other self wanted to hide, Su Ming would find it troublesome to find him. There were plenty of other places that he wanted to visit in his short time here… such as the All Spirits Hall.

With that being the case, it was much better if he put on a disguise. Then, everything that he would do would be blamed on that Child of Morus Alba. With it, he could force his other self to show up.

He wanted to fuse with his other self. This was a cruel matter, but after experiencing so many things, Su Ming knew deeply that if it had the chance, his other self would also choose to fuse with him. The difference only lay on who was the dominant personality after their fusion.

Both sides had their own resolve. There was no right or wrong in this. If there was, then the one who was wrong was the world.

Su Ming did not immediately head off in search of All Spirits Hall because he had come to realize that his strength might also cause his other self to become stronger due to his appearance in this place.

Besides the supreme Child of Morus Alba, the strongest force of power in True Sky Hill World was the Jade Palace. The Jade Emperor was clearly a Sublime Paragon, and there were three main forces branching out from under him: Li Tian Wang, the God of Two Tunnels, and the young Feng Huo. They built their own forces of power and quite a number of sects.

They were like a huge tree whose roots were deeply rooted in True Sky Hill World.

Western Deity Sect was just a branch among the many branches of the tree. Under Qian Chen’s lead, Su Ming descended upon it in just the time it takes for an incense stick to burn.

As he stared at the sect in the distance, monstrous killing intent appeared in Qian Chen’s eyes. He had already made up his mind. When he charged forward with Su Ming later on, he would definitely kill that seal bearer eldest disciple with his own hands, and he would definitely use every bit of his power to penetrate the thirteen planets.

Western Deity Sect was a sect formed by thirteen cultivation planets. It had tens of thousands of disciples and had stood tall for a long period of time in the galaxy. Li Shou, the Sect Master’s name, was a name given to the generations of Sect Masters who would inherit the title of the four generals under Li Tian Wang. Every Li Shou was a powerful warrior in Death Realm, and their might was not to be questioned or provoked.

Yet right then, a loud bang that shook the skies and earth and could be heard in all of True Sky Hill World reverberated through Western Deity Sect. That loud bang caused Qian Chen’s heart to tremble, and his eyes went wide in disbelief, because he saw that Su Ming had only lifted his right hand and pushed down…

True Sky Hill World looked like it was about to shatter. Ripples swept through the galaxy and turned into a huge hand that stretched out boundlessly. It covered all of Western Deity Sect and pushed down swiftly.

As loud booms reverberated through the air and Qian Chen was caught in a state of disbelief, the thirteen cultivation planets withered and crumbled, shattering to pieces. The bodies and souls of innumerable cultivators were destroyed on the spot.

Even if there were some powerful warriors who tried to fly into the air, the moment they flew up, they would explode while screaming shrilly.

Only one person, a middle-aged man dressed in battle armor, charged out with a shout full of despair. His face was filled with terror and indescribable panic. He seemed to want to say something, but when the huge hand furled into a fist…

All the fragments from the planets and the people, including the man dressed in battle armor, were reduced to nothingness when the hand clenched into a fist. When it unfurled… Western Deity Sect disappeared from True Sky Hill World.

From the beginning till the end, only a few breaths had passed.

“Northern Waves Sect. Lead the way,” Su Ming said faintly as he looked at the dumbstruck Qian Chen.

The thick killing intent Qian Chen had harbored previously turned into cold sweat at that moment. All his preparations beforehand had disappeared due to what he had seen.

He had recognized the cultivators who had tried to fly up. Every single one of them were existences who could make him tremble. They were powerful warriors who could make the entire galaxy shake with a stomp of their feet.

But they could not even fly out into the galaxy. Their bodies and souls were destroyed in a wretched manner.

And the man in the battle armor had given Qian Chen the greatest amount of shock, because there was no way Qian Chen would mistake him. It was… the Sect Master of Western Deity Sect who possessed the power of Death Realm—Li Shou, one of the four war generals under Li Tian Wang!

That person was so strong that Qian Chen could only dream of obtaining his strength. In fact, there was a long period of time when Sect Master Li Shou had been the strongest person in the universe in Qian Chen’s mind.

Yet right then, this powerful warrior could not even withstand a single blow from Su Ming!

Qian Chen finally understood… the reason behind why Su Ming had sounded so casual when he said he wanted to wipe off Li Tian Wang.

“Northern Waves Sect… Northern Waves Sect!”

Qian Chen felt his spirits lift. His voice was hoarse, and blood capillaries due to excitement appeared in his eyes as he pointed into the distance.

“Northern Waves Sect is over there!”

After the time it takes for two incense sticks to burn… booming sounds reverberated through the air in Northern Waves Sect. The entire sect was reduced to ash in an instant. None of the cultivators and the powerful warriors managed to escape the disaster. All of their bodies and souls were destroyed.

With Su Ming’s strength, he was the will of heaven. The strength of his will was only weaker than that of Arid Triad and Harmonious Morus Alba. He only needed a single thought if he wanted to destroy a person or a sect.

The time it takes for another two incense sticks to burn passed, and Zhennan Xun Sect… was wiped out from True Sky Hill World by a hand. Three sects were destroyed, and the entire process took less than two hours. The speed of it was so quick that even Qian Chen, who personally saw it with his own eyes, found himself unable to react to all of this, and it was worse for Li Tian Wang, who was under the jurisdiction of Jade Palace.

Qian Chen was so worked up that he could no longer measure the level of his excitement. He only knew that his eyes were red, and it was due to his excitement. He went through his memories to search for the people who once oppressed him, and he found quite a number of people. Just when he was about to tell Su Ming about each and every one of them, an enraged roar came charging forth from a distant galaxy.

“Who is it?! Who has the gall to destroy my sects!”

When this voice appeared, Qian Chen suddenly shuddered. He could immediately recognized the owner of the voice—Li Tian Wang. He was one of the three strongest people in all of True Sky Hill World besides the Child of Morus Alba and the Jade Emperor!

All the various rumors regarding Li Tian Wang rose in Qian Chen’s mind at that moment, and they brought terror to his heart.

“Su Ming…”

Qian Chen instinctively looked at Su Ming. But just as he was about to remind him of the other’s status, he saw Su Ming raise his head and look at the long arc charging towards them from the distance. He also saw the aloofness and indifference in his eyes.

“Kneel down before you speak,” Su Ming said faintly.

His voice echoed through all directions like thunder. His will filled the space behind him, causing the galaxy to distort, and he intentionally turned it… into a huge butterfly!

This was not the ability of a Child of Morus Alba borrowing the power of Harmonious Morus Alba. It was an illusion Su Ming created with his own will, but in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos, this scene… could stun everyone alive.
