# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1264

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Within Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos was True Victory Colony World. It had a floating palace, and within it was a Child of Morus Alba who was communicating with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will. At that moment, Su Ming’s other self in this world experienced a full body shudder.

Slowly, his body stopped being rigid. The shadow of the butterfly in his eyes flashed swiftly a few times. His breathing clearly became several times quicker. At the same time a brilliant light shone in his eyes, he became greatly uncertain.

He had been communicating with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will to verify the truth of his assumption and used Harmonious Morus Alba’s will to calculate the best route of action for himself, but after he heard the answer, he sank into an even greater state of daze.

“The other me from Arid Triad… Harmonious Morus Alba’s will has clearly showed great interest in my other self…” He fell silent for a moment, then the killing intent in his eyes grew stronger.

“It wants me to bring this person… to the Burial Ground of Morus Alba… or rather, it wants me to devour and fuse with this person so that the two of us can become one. If I can do this and obtain dominance, it will fulfill one of my requests…”

The young man fell silent again. The uncertainty on his face grew more prominent, and he looked as if he was thinking of his choice.

Soon after, footsteps appeared from beyond his palace. A woman appeared beside the door. She was incredibly beautiful, and there was a graceful gentleness to her. She walked into the hall and arrived next to the young man before she quietly crouched down and pressed down on the young man’s hand.

The young man lifted his head and their gazes met.

If Su Ming was there, he would definitely be able to tell with just one glance that the woman’s appearance… was that of Yu Xuan’s! Or rather, this was the other Yu Xuan in this world.

However, while her body looked normal, when she touched the young man’s hand with her own, her hand seemed to phase through his. It was not that the young man was not real… but the Yu Xuan before his eyes was an illusion.

“Why… did you insist on coming here?”

The young man stared at the woman before him. This was his lover, and tender affection appeared in his eyes. He raised his left hand, as if he wanted to touch the woman’s face, but he only managed to touch air, and he could not help the hint of pain that appeared in his eyes.

“Your soul is scattering; you shouldn’t come out. You have to stay in the Black Wood I prepared for you. I promise you, one of these days, I will definitely let you truly wake up.”

As the young man mumbled, the uncertainty on his face disappeared, replaced by determination and resolve.

This was his lover, a dead person who he could not awaken even if he was a Child of Morus Alba. Her soul would occasionally be separated from her body, and she would scatter while she drifted about. It was due to an accident many years ago. As the Child of Morus Alba, he had been communicating with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will, and for some unknown reason, he had lost consciousness.

When he woke up, he saw his lover lying in his bosom and found that he… had been the one who had personally extracted his lover’s soul and made her fall asleep. This was a backlash… a backlash against him as a Child of Morus Alba.

Even when communicating with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will, he would still face backlashes, and when it occurred, he would lose consciousness and turn into an aloof murderer. It was the same for every single Child of Morus Alba, but he did not expect that his backlash would arrive so early.

He went mad. In desperation, he did everything he could to contact Harmonious Morus Alba’s will, regardless of the cost. He wanted his lover to recover, but Harmonious Morus Alba’s will did not give him any response.

“Fuse with my other self… One request…”

When a brilliant light shone in the young man’s eyes, the woman before him bit her lip and shook her head, as if she did not want her lover to make this choice.

“I don’t have any other choice. I saw my other self’s actions in True Sky Hill World just now from Harmonious Morus Alba’s will. He is me, and I am him. I can sense his thoughts. He is intentionally luring me towards him.

“Honestly, even if he didn’t lure me out, I would still go to him of my own free will. This is… our destiny, a destiny in which only one of us can live!

“From the moment he stepped in and I communicated with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will, this destiny… was set in stone. If he doesn’t die… I will!”

The young man was silent for a moment, then he caressed the illusory woman’s face. Her soul turned into a flash of dark light before she disappeared from the hall.

Disappearing along with her was the young man. When he reappeared, he was in a chamber under the hall. It was surrounded by a large number of seals, but they were harmless. They only isolated that particular space from the entire Expanse Cosmos, causing the flow of time in the chamber to be completely different from the world outside. It was as if time had been frozen for eternity in there.

In the chamber was a huge log, and the center of it had been emptied. Lying in there was a woman in red. Her eyes were closed as if she was sleeping.

The young man appeared beside the log and looked down at the woman blankly. He stared at her brow, her eyes, her nose, and her lips, and as he stared at her, grief appeared on his face.

All the other people in the Expanse Cosmos only knew that the Children of Morus Alba were supreme entities, but they did not know about the price the Children of Morus Alba had to pay during the backlash. The appearance of each backlash was sudden and abrupt, and it would appear not only when they tried to communicate with Harmonious Morus Alba. They could lose their consciousness at any random moment, and once they did, everything around them would be destroyed.

The Children of Morus Alba could not have family or friends. It was just like how everyone would have to lose something to gain something. This was… the price they had to pay.

That was why he would usually not venture out, but would restrain himself in the palace, as if he had sealed himself in there. Unless there was a need for him to move out, he would sit for long periods of time without getting up.

He stared at the woman quietly, and the determination on his face grew stronger. After some time, he straightened up, and a fierce light lit up in his eyes. During that moment… there seemed to be no difference between him and Su Ming.

With a swing of his arm, the young man disappeared from the place. When he reappeared, he was in the palace. With one step, he moved out of the hall, and his voice echoed in the air.

“Ten Mournful-Deaths!”

The moment he spoke, the air around him distorted, and ten figures manifested. Their bodies were indistinct, and their aura of death was incredibly thick. They were not living people, but the souls of the dead.

They had died in the passage of time, but the young man who used Harmonious Morus Alba’s will had changed that. He had forcefully reversed time and extracted the ten strongest souls in the history of the Expanse Cosmos. He had also used Harmonious Morus Alba’s will to give the ten Great Mournful-Deaths the Eighteen Spirit Hells, making it so they could kill without end once they moved into formation.

“Come with me and fuse with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will to destroy the cause of this trouble in the world outside!”

The young man’s voice was cold. As he spoke, the shadow of the butterfly in his eyes flashed rapidly. It appeared faintly behind him as well. With a step forward, he charged into the distance. The ten Great Mournful-Death behind him exuded a ghastly presence. Without a single word, they spread out as if they formed the wings of the young man.

From the distance, the young man looked like a real butterfly flapping its wings in space. Beneath it though, eighteen vortices were spinning. It was the mighty pressure formed by the Eighteen Spirit Hell. Piercing howls could be heard coming from the vortices, and they were filled with pain and madness.

Wherever they went, all lives would fall down to their knees and worship them.

…..

Qian Chen stared nervously at the long arc charging towards them from a distance, and he instinctively turned to look at Su Ming beside him.

Su Ming seemed to be completely unbothered by the swiftly approaching long arc. He instead lifted his head to stare at space before he suddenly asked, “Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos is moving… can you sense it?”

“What?” Qian Chen was momentarily stunned.

“Perhaps it’s just a figment of my imagination.”

Su Ming shook his head. During the instant just then, he had a strange feeling. It was as if all of Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos was moving.

This feeling was something he had never sensed before. Only when… he obtained the will of another True World in this place and possessed two True World’s wills in his mind did he obtain this strange feeling. It was as if he had achieved some sort of balance.

This feeling came abruptly, but when he tried to search for it, he could find no trace of it. He could only treat it as a figment of his imagination.

Booming sounds echoed in the air. The long arc closed in, and in it was a man dressed in golden armor. That man was tall and incredibly built. In his right hand he held a golden tower, and his face was filled with rage, but when he saw Su Ming and the butterfly behind him, his rage turned into shock and disbelief.

“Child… Child of Morus Alba!”

The man in golden armor shuddered. When he was about thousands of feet away from Su Ming, his expression changed a few times in succession.

The man in golden armor forced down his rage and hissed out, “Your Grace, why did you destroy my sects?!”

“Kneel down and speak!”

Su Ming had an aloof expression on his face. He cast the man a cold glance before speaking to him. The moment he uttered them, the universe roared. The butterfly behind him also flapped its wings.

A great will immediately spread out from Su Ming with a bang. It was so great that it shook the sky and earth. This was the supreme will formed by Su Ming once he combined the wills of both True Worlds.

This will… was definitely not something a cultivator could fight back against. When faced with it, anyone would be completely aware that they were before a supreme state of being and know that they were two completely different beings.

Under the roars of that will and the mighty pressure, the man in golden armor jolted. He swiftly coughed up a mouthful of blood. Cracking sounds came from his body, as if it could not withstand the pressure.

He roared, and the tower in his hand flew out, swiftly growing in size, as if it wanted to fight back against Su Ming, but in just the span of a few breaths, crumbled with a loud bang.

When it shattered into pieces, the golden armor on the man’s body broke down as well. He coughed up another mouthful of blood, and while shuddering, he was forced to kneel.

To him, it felt like the entire universe had collapsed on his body, and with his level of cultivation, he simply could not fight back against it. He could only kneel down.

The space then fell silent. The mighty pressure seemed to have frozen the entire galaxy. The light in the eyes of the man whose golden armor had shattered slowly disappeared. His cultivation base was frozen, and all his life force… was destroyed when he knelt down!

Cracking sounds echoed in the air. As Qian Chen’s heart shuddered, he saw Li Tian Wang, whose strength was so great that he was akin to the might of heaven in his eyes… breathe his last!

His life force, his cultivation base, and his soul were all destroyed the instant he knelt down!

And just like that, he died!

“Do you still have any enemies?” Su Ming did not even spare Li Tian Wang a glance when he posed the same question to Qian Chen once more.

Qian Chen was completely terrified and quickly uttered his answer in a stutter.

“No… No more…”
