# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1265

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Qian Chen no longer had any enemies, but the death of Li Tian Wang, who was a powerful warrior in Death Realm and a famous person in True Sky Hill World, would definitely not be ignored.

The destruction of Li Tian Wang’s four sects might catch quite a lot of people’s attention, but there was practically no one who was at Li Tian Wang’s level among them. Only those who shared the same level of cultivation among those in the four sects would pay attention to this.

This was why it did not matter whether it was True Sky Hill World’s Child of Morus Alba, the Jade Emperor, or any other powerful warriors, none of them paid any attention to this matter.

Within True Sky Hill World was a huge cultivation planet with golden light shining from it. That light reached far and wide, and the planet was much larger than a normal one.

There were no continents on the golden planet, only an ocean. It was not blue, but golden, which was why the cultivation planet appeared to be golden from the distance.

Covering the entire ocean was a group of palaces that could be described as extravagant. The palace located at the center was like the imperial palaces of the mortal worlds.

It had a hall which contained a Dragon Throne, and sitting on it was a middle-aged man dressed in a lavish Emperor’s robe. The man had an awe-imposing expression. At that moment, he was frowning. Floating before him were three spirit plates.

Almost the moment Li Tian Wang’s body and soul were destroyed, the spirit plate with Li Tian Wang’s name carved on it had cracked. Not a single hint of life spread out from it anymore.

“Since you’re here, then come in.”

The man in the Emperor’s robe lifted his head and cast a glance at the area beyond the hall. His voice was gentle, but there was an imposing tone to his words that held an air of supremacy.

When his voice echoed in the air, two figures walked into the hall from beyond the building that resembled an imperial palace. One of them was a boy dressed in a red robe. His were cold and dark.

By his side was a young man dressed in a blue robe. He had a slender build and looked incredibly handsome. A third eye resembling Su Ming’s was located at the center of his brow.

“Greetings, Jade Emperor.”

The young man wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed slightly before he spoke slowly. As for the boy beside him, he had a sullen expression on his face and did not speak.

The two of them were naturally the people who shared the same status as Li Tian Wang in True Sky Hill World’s Jade Palace. They were both powerful warriors who had perfected Death Realm, the young Feng Hua and God of Two Tunnels, while the middle-aged man sitting on the Dragon Throne was the strongest person in this True World’s Jade Palace… the Jade Emperor, the person second only to the Children of Morus Alba!

“Li Tian Wang… has died.”

The Jade Emperor cast his gaze on Li Tian Wang’s spirit plate and sighed softly. He clenched the Dragon Throne’s armrest tightly with his right hand as his heart seethed with incredible rage.

“Jade Palace is already not as great as it was before, and in our current generation… we are the only ones who can obtain the legacy and continue living. Yet Li Tian Wang was killed. Jade Emperor, what are your plans?” the young man in blue asked calmly.

The young Feng Huo spoke up in a sharp voice that was filled with great killing intent. “What else can we do? The person who killed Li Tian Wang might have extraordinary power, but if we let him remain unscathed, Jade Palace will become the laughing stock of the entire galaxy. That person… must die!

“He must pay with his life. No matter who he is, since he chose to provoke Jade Palace, he must pay the price!”

“You know that this person has extraordinary power. If he can kill Li Tian Wang, then it is not impossible for him to kill us. Li Tian Wang has already died, so why must you act this way?” The young man in blue frowned, but before he could finish speaking, the boy’s sharp voice immediately cut him off.

“The both of us might not be his opponent, but what about the Jade Emperor? If even the Jade Emperor is not his opponent, there is still the Child of Morus Alba. No matter what… that person must die. If he doesn’t die, I will leave Jade Palace. What is the use of me staying here if Jade Palace can’t even fight back!” The boy’s voice echoed through the entire hall, causing a chilling glare to swiftly appear in the Jade Emperor’s eyes.

He stared at the boy coldly, and after a long while, he slowly stood up.

“Say that one more time. Let me hear it again.”

The young Feng Huo fell silent. He lowered his head and did not say a word.

The Jade Emperor let out a cold harrumph, then, with a swing of his arm, he took a step forward.

“Li Tian Wang’s death will not catch the Child of Morus Alba’s attention, and it’s impossible for us to ask him for help. Only when Jade Palace’s survival is at risk will the Child of Morus Alba take action.

“Since that person… chose to provoke Jade Palace, then no matter what sort of price we have to pay, he must die. Five Mountain Generals, where are you?!”

When the Jade Emperor finished speaking, loud bangs swiftly came from the golden ocean beyond the palace. As they reverberated through the air, five mountains shot up from the bottom of the ocean and charged into the sky.

They were five towering mountains. At the instant they appeared, they crumbled with a bang, and five giants that were thousands of feet tall appeared from within. They were all dressed in armor.

Once they stood up, they knelt down on the surface of the ocean towards the palace.

“Five generals, hear me! I order each of you to lead one hundred thousand Heavenly Soldiers of Jade Palace and arrange the Great Five Direction Rune. With the young Feng Huo as your commander, kill the enemy!”

Once a stately voice traveled out of the palace, the five giants raised their heads and voiced their obedience together.

The next moment, they flew out of the golden ocean. Soon after, the ocean roared. As huge waves tumbled about, one hundred thousand people in armor flew out from the five giants’ regions in the ocean. They formed an army of five hundred thousand Heavenly Soldiers and charged into the sky.

A long arc flew out of the palace as well. It was the young Feng Huo. At that moment, magic wheels spun under his feet, sweeping up his body so that he could instantly catch up to the five generals. He took the lead and disappeared into the sky.

“Three Sieves, where are you?!”

When the Jade Emperor’s voice echoed from the palace again, the entire ocean in the cultivation planet sank by hundreds of feet. Three golden dragons roared and rose from three different directions. When their roars echoed in the world, another shout filled the sky.

“Three Sieves, I order you to execute the Rain and Cloud Surging Art. Seal the two dimensions. Execute the Soldier Art and gather three hundred thousand Sky Soldiers, with the God of Two Tunnels as your commander, kill the enemy!”

Roars shook the sky. As the God of Two Tunnels flew out with a sigh, the three golden dragons roared and moved. Immediately, their countless scales reflected endless golden light. It turned into three hundred thousand creatures with dragon heads and human bodies. Dressed in armor, they charged with the three golden dragons as well as the God of Two Tunnels into the air.

“Seal the five directions and the two dimensions of space. After the two fiends try to kill him, next will be me, the Jade Emperor, who will attack. Golden ocean… take your form!”

When the voice from the palace on the surface of the ocean appeared again, the golden ocean in the cultivation planet rumbled and shook… before it rose from the seabed and swept up to the sky, looking like rain that was going backwards.

At the moment the golden ocean rushed into the sky, a person walked out of the palace. He was dressed in an Emperor’s robe, and he was naturally the Jade Emperor. The moment he walked out, all the golden seawater surrounded him, and in the blink of an eye, he turned into a huge statue.

It was the Jade Emperor’s statue. It shone with brilliant golden light and was about ten thousand feet tall. The man portrayed looked to be filled with a power that could shake the sky and earth, and when he appeared, he immediately caused True Sky Hill World to tremble. His existence alone seemed to push the True Sky Hill World to the breaking point.

An ancient and archaic presence filled him, making the statue looked like it had existed for an unknown number of years. Once it moved, it instantly cut through the air. Then, it strode into the sky.

The Jade Palace might not be marching to their enemy at full strength, but right then, even the Jade Emperor had personally gone into battle, and this was a telling sign of Jade Palace’s killing intent and resolve.

…..

Su Ming sat in the space belonging to True Sky Hill World. Needless to say, it was the place where Li Tian Wang had died. At that moment, his corpse was still not too far away from him, still kneeling.

“They should be here soon. Qian Chen, you can leave first. What will happen next has nothing to do with you. If you stay here, you will be in danger. If we are fated to meet again… then we will,” Su Ming said faintly while he looked at Qian Chen, who was beside him.

Qian Chen fell silent. He could vaguely guess what Su Ming was waiting for, and with a slightly pale face, he bowed to him quietly.

“… Take care.”

Qian Chen knew that he would be absolutely useless and would instead bring himself huge trouble if he stayed. He had always been a resolute person. Once he bowed to Su Ming, he turned into a long arc and charged off into another direction.

Su Ming stared at Qian Chen’s back for a while before turning his head and resuming his quiet wait.

He was waiting for his other self as well as the people who would come seeking revenge for Li Tian Wang’s death. No matter who arrived… on that day, the universe would be dyed red.

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, half a day went by. Golden light shone from the distance, and when its ripples spread out, Su Ming did not manage to see his other self, but he did see Jade Palace, who came seeking revenge for Li Tian Wang.

Su Ming cast a glance at the golden light in the distance before he said flatly, “Since you want to die so much… I will fulfill your wish, Jade Palace,”

While Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos had drawn their swords and were prepared to fight, in the vortex known as Bright Yang Vortex in this Expanse Cosmos and Yin Death Vortex in Arid Triad was the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe. He had his head thrown back and was laughing out loud. His aura had become chaotic. He looked incredibly disorderly, and his life force had become incredibly weak.

But he continued laughing. During the fifth disaster—Fiendish Withering of Earth in Five Directions—his blood had turned into rivers, his body transformed into land, his fingers changed to mountains, his limbs mutated into mountain ranges, his eyes were altered into the sun and moon, and all his hair transfigured into all forms of life in the world.

Everything about him was separated. This was the fifth disaster, but he had blasted it away forcefully. Then came the sixth disaster, the Disaster of Emptiness, which would only appear during the period of time when daylight was about to change places with night.

If Su Ming ran into this disaster, he would definitely die. Even the current Su Ming would still die. The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe had managed to get through the disaster, but he had paid a huge price for it.

However, he still laughed as he faced the final disaster—the Heaven Disaster.

“If I get through this disaster, I will have my spirit ascend for the ninth time, and I will become an Ancestral Spirit… Slumbering Arid Triad’s will, I want to challenge you!”

As the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe laughed loudly, he charged into the vortex above him. With determination, madness, and an indomitable spirit, he rushed into the vortex, straight towards the final disaster manifesting itself—the Heaven Disaster!

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe disappeared into the area of the vortex that was previously above him. During that moment, the flow of time slowed down. An unknown amount of time passed before a sigh filled with anguish traveled through the air. The old man’s face appeared swiftly in the vortex. On his face was a dazed look, as if he had just seen something that left him in disbelief.
