# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1266

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Su Ming, it’s… here. It… is moving… My guess is correct, but also wrong. My death is not in vain, because even if I die, I’ve learned the last secret of Arid Triad and Harmonious Morus Alba… So this is what is happening, this is what is going on.”

As the old man laughed madly, his face crumbled with a bang. His Antecedental Spirit’s will spilled out from him in the form of blood, and a drop of it charged into the vortex below him. There was a red bolt of lightning chasing after the blood, and it disappeared into the vortex as well.

The disaster ended!

Su Ming did not see this scene, and he had no way of knowing what the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe had seen at the end of the Heaven Disaster. He did not know that he had gotten dazed or why, that he had gone mad, or that he said that his guess was correct, but also incorrect.

Su Ming did not know any of this. If the blood formed by the old man’s will of the Antecedental Spirit did not get wiped off by the red bolt of lightning in the end, then perhaps… once Su Ming obtained it, he could gain some understanding from it.

The instant the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster disappeared from Yin Death Vortex, Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, which was originally sealed for all of eternity, instantly recovered. To all the people, the period of silence only felt like the blink of an eye. They did not notice it.

There was no way for them to know how many instances were contained in that blink of an eye or how much time had passed. It seemed to be wiped off without a single sound, making it difficult for anyone to find out about it.

Everything returned to normal. The second disaster, which had been put on hold due to the Arid Disaster, descended again. The cultivators from Saint Defier as well as Dark Dawn who had stopped entering Arid Triad’s gap surged through Arid Triad’s gap in large numbers while stirring up loud bangs that shook the sky and earth.

Arid Triad’s disaster… had arrived for the second time!

The first was the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster belonging to Su Ming. The second was the disaster of the invasion. The cultivators from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier had been waiting for that day for a long, long time. To them, that day was something they longed for so dearly that they even dreamed about it in their sleep!

The former Ancient Wu and Ancient Shu… finally descended in large numbers after leaving for an unknown number of years.

The cultivators from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier descended and stirred a loud bang that shook all of Arid Triad. The bodies of the cultivators from the Ninth Summit who guarded the whirlwind instantly crumbled, but before they died, they still managed to deliver their message.

The cultivators from the three Great True Worlds sent to defend the gap would be the ones who would rise to the fight issued by the enemy. Their mission… was to stall them for the longest amount of time possible, even if they died.

A fierce battle was immediately launched…

The peace and quiet in Arid Triad was immediately broken. A disaster that would sweep through all of the Worlds showed its fangs at that moment.

Compared to True Sacred Yin World and the Fourth True World, True Morning Dao World’s Ninth Summit had clearly prepared themselves more adequately. It did not matter whether the entire True World continued with its existence with Su Ming’s will or whether the original Morning Dao Sect was located in a spot that was difficult to attack but easy to defend, but the Ninth Summit had managed to obtain some advantage.

The Runes had been activated, and due to Hu Zi’s preparations over the years, their defenses were much stronger than originally. Most of the one hundred something Relocation Runes were instantly shut down. This action did not cause any form of panic in the Ninth Summit, because it… had been practiced in the form of drills under the lead of Su Ming’s second senior brother countless times.

Perhaps when they ventured out, they would not be Saint Defier and Dark Dawn’s opponents, but their lockdown was also a form of protection. They had the entire True World’s will surrounding them, and it would not be easily broken by Saint Defier and Dark Dawn.

Unless there was a powerful warrior in Avacaniya Realm who personally attacked them, the possibility of them being invaded during the first stages of the war was not high.

At the same time Arid Triad used True Morning Dao World as a battlefield to launch a large-scale battle against the worlds beyond, a different battle occurred in True Sky Hill World within Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos, though no one knew whether it was because it was due to the connection between the two Expanse Cosmoses as mirrors.

Su Ming sat in space and stared at the golden ripples spreading out from the distance. The ripples locked down the entire area and were moving towards him in a large area. There were five figures who looked like hills rushing towards him with roars.

There were five hundred thousand cultivators dressed in armor behind them. Su Ming knew that they were Jade Palace’s Heavenly Soldiers who Qian Chen had mentioned before.

“The ripples are being moved forward by human lives, huh?”

Su Ming’s expression was aloof. He lifted his right hand and swung it forward. The galaxy immediately shuddered. The one hundred thousand Heavenly Soldiers who were swiftly charging towards Su Ming immediately felt as if the space before them had been lifted up before they could get close.

It turned into an invisible wave that swept up the one hundred thousand Heavenly Soldiers, and once they looked like they had been enveloped by it, Su Ming clenched his right fist, and with a bang, the one hundred thousand Heavenly Soldiers jolted and shattered.

The difference between their levels of cultivation and the realization of the difference between their states of being made Su Ming’s existence feel like the galaxy to those Heavenly Soldiers. They were no better than ants at that moment.

When the bang traveled through the air, the galaxy above Su Ming looked as if it had been torn apart. Golden light scattered downwards, covering a large area.

Three golden dragons appeared and charged towards Su Ming while roaring. There were three hundred thousand cultivators dressed in golden armor and wearing stern expressions behind them. The dimension around Su Ming instantly froze, and soon after, even time showed signs of being frozen.

It was as if the small region around Su Ming had been isolated from True Sky Hill World. The time next to him was completely different from the world aroundt, and it sank into a state that was almost similar to eternal stillness.

At that moment, a shrill whistle came from the distance. In a layer of a light formed by wind and fire was a boy in red. In his hand he held a long spear of thirty feet. The magical wheels under his feet spun and stirred up a violent gust of wind as well as a sea of fire. In an instant, he drew close to Su Ming, and with a thrust forward, he sent the spear straight at the center of Su Ming’s brow.

The boy had already reached perfection in Death Realm. Once he appeared, his presence shook the sky and earth.

The moment when the three golden dragons above Su Ming roared, a young man dressed in blue appeared. His robe instantly turned into an armor, and in his hand he held a halberd. When he brandished it, crimson clouds filled the area beneath his feet. The third eye at the center of his brow opened up fully, and a strange and enchanting light shone from it. He exuded an indescribably sharp presence when he closed in on Su Ming.

During that same instant, the area in front of Su Ming roared. An ancient golden statue of one hundred thousand feet tall appeared before him. Its golden light reached one hundred thousand feet, and it immediately filled the galaxy. Murmurs that sounded like chants tumbled out of the statue’s lips. It lifted its right hand, which was as large as a city wall, and sent it towards Su Ming.

When the statue appeared, the universe looked like it was about to crumble, unable to withstand the statue’s might. The cultivation level of the person within it was also surpassed Death Realm. In Su Ming’s senses, his power was similar to someone who had ascended their spirit twice!

“We of the Jade Palace and of the Gods will exterminate the monstrous Daoist! Golden Light in Three Worlds!”
