# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1267

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Both young Feng Huo or the God of Two Tunnels had naturally been able to tell at first glance that Su Ming had the appearance of the Child of Morus Alba. The looks of the three Children of Morus Alba were not a secret in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos.

However… even if they recognized him, they still attacked to kill him, because they had not been forbidden to do so by True Sky Hill World’s Child of Morus Alba.

Since the Child of Morus Alba in this True World had not forbidden them to kill him, they could attack without hesitation. They also believed that if any danger appeared, their Child of Morus Alba would descend and intervene.

And once… they saw Su Ming’s face clearly and the illusory butterfly behind him, they prepared to have a hard time killing him. They wanted to launch a counterattack and to intimidate. They wanted to let other people know that even if the Child of Morus Alba killed one of their own from Jade Palace without reason, they would not yield. He had to face the fate of being devoured.

The three powerful warriors of Jade Palace stood with the Jade Emperor being at the center, and the God of Two Tunnels and the young Feng Hua matching him on the sides. With the Five Direction Rune to seal space and the three Sieves to seal the dimension, they formed a monstrous killing Rune.

It could be said that it had gathered together the most powerful forces of that True World. Jade Emperor had poured out his full power to attack a single person.

The Jade Emperor’s will might not be that of an Antecedental Spirit, but he had the strength equivalent to someone who had had their spirit ascend twice. With another step, he would reach Avanicaya Realm. When this sort of person with this sort of power gathered together all of Jade Palace’s strength, the murderous force behind him could make the entire universe tremble.

If Su Ming did not Possess True Morning Dao World and ran into this sort of encirclement, he would definitely die. Even if he had the God of Berserkers Transformation, it would be difficult for him to find a way to survive. After all, this was a murder plot that gathered together most of the forces of a True World.

But once Su Ming Possessed True Morning Dao World, he had obtained a True World clone. His level of cultivation could no longer be easily confined within the limits of those who had their spirits ascend once. The ability to turn his Antecedental Spirit’s will turn into the will of heaven and use the True World’s will to operate his Antecedental Spirit surpassed a cultivator’s limits and reached a state that was equivalent to the master of the universe.

Even if Su Ming had to face the murderous plot, he could still remain undefeated, but if he wanted to fight back, he would have to pay a certain price.

However, once Su Ming stepped into Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos, he had become completely different from before. He obtained another True World’s will, and his power had increased by one-fold. The mighty pressure formed by the wills of two True Worlds made him surpass what a cultivator could ever reach, and his state of being entered a state where he was only second to Arid Triad.

In this state… unless Su Ming ran into multiple cultivators in Avanicaya Realm at the same time, it would be difficult for him to face anyone who could put up a fight against him.

Even the current plot to murder him could not stir up much of Su Ming’s interest. He looked indifferently at the young Feng Huo and the God of Two Tunnels as well as the palm from the ten thousand feet ancient golden statue charging towards him, his expression remaining as calm as water.

“You overestimate yourself,” Su Ming said flatly and spread his will outwards.

The illusion of the butterfly behind him became muddled at that instant. When it spread out, it grew several thousands of times bigger. In an instant, most of the galaxy was covered in the illusion of the butterfly.

There were nearly one million Heavenly Soldiers within its area, along with three powerful warriors, the three Sieves, and the five Mountain Generals. The instant they were enveloped by the illusory butterfly, the time seemed to freeze about them…

But this state of being frozen was only aimed at other people, not Su Ming. He took a step to his left and raised his right hand to seize young Feng Huo’s spear. At the instant he touched it, a loud bang shot up, and the long spear shattered inch by inch. When shock slowly appeared on the young Feng Huo’s face, Su Ming pointed at the center of the youth’s brow.

A loud bang shot into the air again. The young Feng Huo jolted. By then, Su Ming had already turned around. When he lifted his head, a brilliant light shone in his eyes. The third eye at the center of his brow opened, and he looked at the other man.

The God of Two Tunnels’ body was magnified endlessly before Su Ming’s third eye, until he saw through his robes, his flesh and blood, his soul, and the legacy he had in his blood. Then, Su Ming’s third eye fell shut, and a will that the God of Two Tunnels could not fight against descended on him. When a bang shot up and echoed in space, the God of Two Tunnels shuddered violently, and blood poured out of his body.

All of this happened in a flash. When Su Ming averted his gaze, he lifted his left hand and pointed at the incoming statue’s palm. The moment he touched it, the statue’s palm shuddered fiercely and shattered, inch by inch. Its countless shards then fell backwards.

“All Lives Will Perish.”

Su Ming pulled back his left hand and swung his arm casually. The illusory butterfly that enveloped most of the galaxy flapped its wings lightly. With it, countless ripples spread through the galaxy. Wherever they went, the five Mountain Generals shuddered. Their bodies started showing signs of being turned into a bloody mess, as if it was difficult for them to maintain their physical bodies.

The one hundred thousand Heavenly Soldiers behind them also shuddered when the ripple spread out. Blood poured out of their eyes, noses, ears, and mouths.

The three Sieves let out shrieks that were elongated countless times. Their bodies swelled up as if they were about to explode the next instant.

Pain showed up on the faces of the three hundred thousand Sky Soldiers next to them.

This was not time being frozen, but the flow of time being slowed down. Only the flow of Su Ming’s time remained normal.

Soon, he finished declaring that all lives would perish.

It was at that moment that a shocking will descended from a distant galaxy at an incredible speed. Based on what Su Ming could sense from the will, it seemed like it was a butterfly that was completely different from the one created by him. It seemed to have come from the same source as Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos.

“Fellow Daoist, do not kill them!”

At the instant the butterfly appeared, a dark voice shot through the slowed down galaxy and traveled into Su Ming’s heart.

It belonged to True Sky Hill World’s Child of Morus Alba!

But that voice was too late. The instant it echoed in space, the slowed down flow of time in the galaxy around Su Ming returned to normal. As it did, shrill screams of pain and loud bangs rose up like the roar of a storm. They became louder, seeming to want to stir up a storm that would sweep through True Sky Hill World.

Amid the loud bangs, the huge bodies of the five Mountain Generals crumbled together. Their flesh and blood spilled in all directions. Once their bodies and souls were destroyed, the five hundred thousand Heavenly Soldiers behind them lost their armor. Their flesh and blood vessels were reduced to powder. Neither their blood nor bones could be found. Everything about them returned to nothingness.

Immediately after, the shrill roars of the three Sieves sped up and became piercing to the ears. While roaring, the three golden dragons exploded. Their golden blood spilled through the area, and the three hundred thousand Sky Soldiers formed by their scales shuddered. Then, they died, reduced to powder.

All of this happened in the blink of an eye. Soon after, the long spear belonging to the young Feng Huo beside Su Ming crumbled, and the youth’s body shattered. A mouthful of blood he did not manage to cough up in time shot out from his shattered body. As he fell backwards with a face filled with shocked disbelief… it became his last expression.

With a loud bang, his body fell apart…

Blood gushed out of the God of Two Tunnels’ mouth. As he shuddered, he retreated swiftly, but when he took three steps backwards, his third eye exploded.

His body looked the same as before, but the legacy in his blood, his soul, and all his flesh was reduced to powder during that instant. Only his external appearance remained the same. His eyes went wide, seeing Su Ming’s calm expression as the last thing before they turned glassy.

‘We were courting our own ruin…’

Anguish and understanding was in the God of Two Tunnels’ mind in regards to the final scene he saw in his life before his head was crushed.

The final one to be destroyed was the ten thousand feet tall golden statue. The Jade Emperor’s palm shattered to pieces, and countless golden fragments rushed towards his body when they fell backwards. His body shuddered and roared as he tumbled backwards.

The golden fragments instantly turned into a golden ocean. At the same time, an extremely pained roar shot out from the ancient statue’s body, as if it had come out through gritted teeth.

When the ancient statue shattered, the Jade Emperor was revealed within. He coughed up seven consecutive mouthfuls of blood, and with each mouthful, he took three steps backwards. When he took twenty-one steps back, the Jade Emperor’s face turned pale. He lifted his head, and incredible shock as well as terror appeared on his face. He looked at his surroundings…

Everything around him was empty. The eight hundred thousand Heavenly Soldiers… had been buried in space.

The God of Two Tunnels had died. The young Feng Huo had died. The five Mountain Generals had died. The three Sieves had died…

When the Jade Emperor cast his gaze at Su Ming, he suddenly threw his head back and laughed. His laughter was incredibly shrill and forlorn.

Su Ming did not speak. He watched the Jade Emperor laugh shrilly before him while standing with a calm expression on his face. Since those people had come to him, their destinies were already determined.

As the Jade Emperor laughed forlornly, a sigh traveled through space. The butterfly in the distance flapped its wings. When it approached the place, it enveloped the Jade Emperor.

It was a black butterfly, and it seemed to be staring at Su Ming from a spot in the galaxy not too far away.

A voice with an air of time, age, and a complicated tone Su Ming could sense echoed in the galaxy. “My fellow Daoist not of this world… I do not want to be your enemy. I will… take this person with me.”

Su Ming stared at the butterfly, and a solemn expression appeared in his eyes. He could sense a familiar feeling from the butterfly. This feeling lay in the depths of his memories. It spoke of a time that was a very long time ago.

The solemn look soon turned into a complicated one, and it was a match for the complicated tone contained in the voice, or rather, it was a complicated emotion shared by the both of them.

“Su Ming, people change…

“As we grow up, as we experience more things, we change… Perhaps one day, I will change… and I think, you will as well…

“Su Ming, when we grow up, will we change?”
