# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1269

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

In True Sky Hill World, as Su Ming and his other self in this Expanse Cosmos met each other’s gazes and saw the resolve in each other’s eyes, a battle of destiny that could not be avoided was on the verge of beginning.

They did not need to communicate, and neither did they need to attack to test the other. They only watched each other quietly with the galaxy between them.

Everything was written in their eyes.

To make himself stronger, to protect the people he wanted to protect, to survive the disaster, to make sure that the scene in the secrets of the universe did not happen, Su Ming had to become stronger. He had no other choice. Becoming the strongest in the world was the path he was determined to tread.

Fusing with his other self in this Expanse Cosmos was the same as fusing the two people from each side of a mirror together. From then on, the person could gather up the power of both Expanse Cosmos to reach perfection and the strength to determine their own destiny. This was Su Ming’s choice.

To awaken his beloved, to make Harmonious Morus Alba’s will satisfy his request, and to make himself stronger so that the backlashes could be reduced in number to the point where he would no longer suffer any, the young man would fight against all the misfortune destiny had for him due to his status [1] and move against it. This was the choice made by the other Su Ming.

He had no other choice. This was the only path he could take. In truth, Harmonious Morus Alba’s will gave him two paths, but he would not choose the first path. In this world, in this universe, there could only be one Su Ming, even if Harmonious Morus Alba and Arid Triad both existed at the same time.

This was what he believed!

‘This is Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos. In here, I have my ten Great Mournful-Death souls, and Harmonious Morus Alba’s will is also here. If I cannot manage to make this person fuse with me… then why should I mourn the fact that I will end up being the one who will merge with him?!

‘I am he, and he is me. I have Yu Xuan as my wife in this Expanse Cosmos, and he definitely has a Yu Xuan in his own Expanse Cosmos. He will definitely not allow her to die.

‘This is a battle of destiny. This is my destiny, and also his, or rather… this is our shared destiny!’

The other Su Ming in this Expanse Cosmos was one of the three Children of Morus Alba. When he met Su Ming’s gaze, his fighting spirit was kindled in his eyes.

“Ten Mournful-Death souls!”

As his words echoed in space, the ten Mournful-Death souls formed by the strongest people around him swiftly spread out. When they took a step forward, they instantly scattered and appeared around Su Ming and his other self.

They formed a type of lock that enveloped this particular galaxy.

The moment the ten Mournful-Death souls surrounded the area, they sat down, formed seals with their hands, and pushed their palms against their chests. They immediately lifted their heads, and in their half-open eyes, dark light shone.

“Due to their state of being empty, all emptiness does not exist.

“Due to their resentful murmurs, all those that do not exist will turn into emptiness…

“Due to their existence and them being emptiness itself, all emptiness and all that do not exist can be made as offerings eighteen times. They can become… the eighteen Spirit Hells!”

Murmurs that held an ancient tone echoed in the galaxy. At that instant, a piercing dark light erupted from the ten Mournful-Death souls. It swiftly rose into the heavens and looked like ten thin threads that immediately intersected with each other to form the foundation of a tower.

When they intersected again, they overlapped with each other, layer by layer. This process only lasted for the span of a few breaths before a tower formed by ten dark threads of light intersecting with each other stood tall in the galaxy.

It had eighteen levels. The dark light spreading out from it enveloped Su Ming and his other self before it gathered together to gain corporeal form. It turned into an ancient tower that was filled with a ghastly aura of death!

The other Su Ming, the young man who was one of the Children of Morus Alba swung his arm and said in a ghastly voice, “Su Ming, the battle between us today is due to destiny. Do you dare to fight this battle of destiny with me in Eighteen Spirit Hells?!”

As he spoke, he moved forward and instantly charged at Su Ming. Wherever he went, a sea of fire would be stirred up beneath his feet. When it swept outwards in all directions, it formed a huge butterfly, and in the eighteenth level of the Spirit Hell, the fire butterfly charged at Su Ming.

He lifted his head, revealing the fighting spirit in his eyes. He did not speak. Instead, he used his actions to show his respect for his other self in this Expanse Cosmos. He attacked at full force.

Su Ming charged at his other self, who was rushing towards him. The two of them instantly closed in on each other, and each of them threw a punch. A loud rumble shot into the heavens at that instant. The butterfly formed by the sea of fire by the Child of Morus Alba pounced on Su Ming. It instantly closed in on him and the power equivalent to that of the Jade Emperor erupted from it.

Amid the loud bang, Su Ming’s will spread out to fight against the tower’s tremors. The eighteenth level crumbled swiftly, and the Child of Morus Alba, the other Su Ming in this Expanse Cosmos, coughed up a mouthful of blood.

When he was forced back, he stepped into the seventeenth level. He then lifted his right hand and swung it, stirring up a violent gust of wind that formed countless wind blades. It swept up the fire butterfly formed by the sea of fire and charged at Su Ming.

A fierce light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He moved, and the moment he gathered the wills of two True Worlds together, he formed a huge hand before him to strike the incoming butterfly of fire and wind.

Booming sounds surged into the sky. The seventeenth level, the sixteenth level… and up to the seventh level of the Spirit Hell shattered at that moment. They were all crushed by the hand formed by Su Ming’s will.

The Child of Morus Alba was continuously forced back. His eyes were bloodshot. When he coughed up blood, he threw his head back and roared. A butterfly with the power of eleven levels of Spirit Hell immediately appeared behind him. It exuded a terrifying presence that was equivalent to the power of an Antecedental Spirit who had performed a spirit ascension thrice and who had a presence of those in Avacaniya Realm.

The butterfly flapped its wings and instantly approached Su Ming. At the moment it touched him, a loud bang shook the sky and earth. The butterfly crumbled into pieces.

While in it, Su Ming also turned into a butterfly, as if he had been reborn after he was destroyed. At the moment he rushed out, he opened his mouth, and the End of Wills Sword flew out.

Booming sounds reverberated through space. The seventh level, the sixth level… and up to the second level of the Spirit Hell crumbled.

A low growl came from the first level of the Spirit Hell. It was the Child of Morus Alba spreading out his arms and roaring at the heavens when he was forced so far back. His body lit up with fire, and the dark threads of light that formed the Eighteen SPirit Hell charged over at him.

In an instant, they surrounded him, and the tower disappeared. The Eighteen Spirit Hells were replaced by the Child of Morus Alba who had turned into a butterfly!

He swiftly lowered his head and charged at Su Ming. Strange murmurs tumbled out of his mouth while he did so.

“Mournful-Death souls, form your race!”

The moment he finished speaking, the ten Mournful-Death souls that surrounded Su Ming jolted, and when they lowered their heads again, murmurs echoed in space.

“Due to them existing in the first place, all existences can be lost. This is death…

“Due to the living remembering them, all the dead possess thoughts in their states of emptiness. This is mourning…

“The Mournful-Death soul take the thoughts of the living, take the existences of the dead, take the acts of chasing after spiritual hopes, and take the power that controls the cycles of life to form incense sticks. With this… we turn the mourning to the dead. We let those that exist continue to exist, and make those who have died… return to emptiness!”
