# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1270

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Mournful-Death soul…”

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled brilliantly as he stared at the large number of dark threads of light that formed the butterfly of his other self. He then swept his gaze past the ten Great Mournful-Death souls.

Su Ming did not understand them nor did he know why they were known as Mournful-Death souls, but he could sense that there was an ancient air about them that had lasted for a long period of time.

At the instant they spoke, a law that Su Ming did not understand seemed to have come forth from the ancient past.

A chilling glare shone in the eyes of the other Su Ming. He turned into a huge butterfly and charged over.

Su Ming let out a cold harrumph. He formed a seal with his hands and swung his arm. Countless mountains immediately appeared, but they were all illusions.

In the blink of an eye, around one billion mountains surrounded him. They filled the boundless space and were strewn all over the place before they overlapped with each other to form nine mountains around Su Ming.

This was the strongest Mountain Shifter Art he could cast with his will had almost being perfected. When booming sounds rang out , Su Ming swung his arm, and the nine mountains charged at the Child of Morus Alba.

Loud booming sounds shook the sky and earth. Four out of the nine mountains instantly crumbled, but the butterfly that was the Child of Morus Alba also shattered. The other Su Ming coughed up blood. When he tumbled thousands of feet backwards, killing intent filled Su Ming’s eyes. When he took a step forward, the remaining five mountains charged at the Child of Morus Alba like sharp arrows.

All of this seemed to have happened over a long period of time, but in truth, it took only an instant. When the last traces of the rumble echoed in the air, the five mountains closed in on the Child of Morus Alba. They were about to attack him with crushing force, when dark light suddenly shone about the ten Mournful-Death souls.

A huge, dark vortex immediately appeared around the Child of Morus Alba. It rotated without a single sound, and a face swiftly appeared within it.

The features on the face were clear. It was a very memorable face, but strangely, when Su Ming looked over, he had a misconception that he would instantly forget that face because he could not have it remain in his mind despite the fact that he memorized it.

Almost the moment this feeling appeared, a deep voice tumbled out of the mouth of the face in the vortex.

“Due to them existing in the first place, all existences can be lost. This is death…”

At the moment those words were said, the five mountains charged over and collided with the vortex.

Su Ming’s pupils shrank swiftly. He clearly saw the five mountains… disappear without a trace. They did not tremble or showed no signs of abnormality before it!

Yet not a single hint of them remained. It was just like what those words had declared: Due to them existing, they could be lost!

“You won’t be able to break the Art cast by my Mournful-Death souls. These ten people aren’t real Mournful-Death souls. They are only people who possessed some of the blood belonging to the Mournful-Death souls when they were alive. After they died, I activated their legacy, and each of them only have one-tenth of the true power belonging to the Mournful-Death souls.

“The Mournful-Death souls… They are a race whose existence lasted almost as long as morning dew in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos during ancient times. There are few of them, but they managed to shake the entire Expanse Cosmos, because this race was able to fuse with laws from birth. No matter where the Mournful-Death souls are, there is nothing they will not know!

“They still have plenty of other strange powers. The Lord Harmonious Morus Alba was the one who personally wiped them off in the past!

“But only their physical bodies were killed. Their legacies could not be wiped off. This is something not even the Lord Harmonious Morus Alba could do, because this race was an abnormality. Their legacies lasted for a long time. When I became the Child of Morus Alba, I summoned them from emptiness… and turned them into my Mournful-Death souls!”

The voice of the other Su Ming from this Expanse Cosmos echoed in space, and it held a dark tone along with a hint of ferociousness.

A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. He stared at the soul in the vortex, and without a single word, he took a step forward. He immediately appeared beside one of the ten Mournful-Death souls and lifted his right hand to grab it… but he only caught empty air!

The Mournful-Death soul seemed to not exist. Su Ming’s right hand had went right through it.

“They never existed to begin with, and it’s precisely because they don’t exist… that they exist!”

As the Child of Morus Alba’s laughter echoed in space, the eyes of the face in the vortex sparkled swiftly. The ten Mournful-Death souls around Su Ming contorted before they disappeared like the wind.

“An interesting race. They remind me of another strange power I ran into before.”

Su Ming’s cold gaze landed on the face in the vortex. When he spoke, black light shone around his body. It was the Light of Extreme Darkness rapidly spilling out from him. It instantly turned into the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness. As it moved, it turned into an ocean of light that charged towards the face in the vortex.

“Due to the living remembering them, all the dead possess thoughts in their state of emptiness. This is mourning.”

At the moment the light closed in on the face, more words came from the face in the vortex. The Child of Morus Alba behind the vortex swiftly let out a roar filled with great killing intent.

“My thoughts are the thoughts that are born from emptiness, and they want you… to die, die, die, die, DIE!”

A loud bang shot up. When the first declaration of wanting him dead was said, Su Ming’s Light of Extreme Darkness closed in and disappeared without a trace. When the second declaration of wanting him dead was voice. his expression instantly changed, and as loud bangs came from his body, he moved back.

But right when he took his third step back, the third declaration of wanting him dead was said, and it caused Su Ming to jolt. He felt as if his blood was flowing in reverse. His face went pale, and he moved back again.

He felt as if a huge explosion had happened in front of him, causing a tremor so great that it made him move back, and during that moment, the fourth cry for his death struck Su Ming’s heart like a hammer.

His mind roared. The strange power made Su Ming feel as if he could not fight against it. Regardless of whether it was his divine abilities or will, it was difficult for him to get a grasp of its existence. It was as if this power lay in his heart, and it had burst into flames due to stimulation to damage his body from within.

Blood trickled down the corners of his mouth. When Su Ming moved back, the fifth cry for his death came charging towards him. Su Ming coughed up a mouthful of blood and was forced back again. This time, he only stopped when he was thousands of feet back. Red filled his eyes, and a hint of ferociousness appeared on his face as he stared at the face in the vortex as well as his other self floating behind it.

He lifted his right hand and wiped off the blood at the corners of his mouth. The ferociousness on his face turned into killing intent.

“As expected of my other self. Your level of cultivation is clearly not as great as mine, but you found a way to injure me.”

Su Ming lifted his head, and while speaking, he swung his right arm. A vortex immediately appeared above his palm. When it spun increasingly faster, a galactical vortex gradually appeared.

“The one who injured you isn’t me. It’s the Mournful-Death soul. If you cannot break the Art cast by my Mournful-Death souls, you’ll be sealed and slowly become one with me. I am you, and you are me.”

The other Su Ming stared at Su Ming from behind the face in the vortex. He did not bother to hide the blatant killing intent in his eyes. When he spoke, he lifted his right hand and swung his arm. The eyes of the face in the vortex immediately sparkled. Then, the vortex charged at Su Ming.

“The Mournful-Death soul take the thoughts of the living, the existence of the dead, the acts of chasing after spiritual hopes, and the power that controls the cycles of life to form incense sticks. With this… we turn the mourning to the dead. We let those that exist continue to exist, and make those who have died… return to emptiness!”

The murmurs of the voice from the face in the vortex traveled through space. When they entered Su Ming’s ears, he felt as if it contained a decaying, ancient tone, as if it was a murmur that had existed for an unknown number of years. At that moment, when it appeared in space again, it caused the galaxy to shudder.

Su Ming’s pupils shrank. During that instant, he suddenly had a strong feeling that his will, cultivation base, and even his life force had been diminished. There seemed to be a strange power contained in those words. It could interfere with the changes in the universe, so Su Ming could clearly sense that the will of True Immortal Sect World, which had disappeared from Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos due to his appearance… had started showing signs of recovering.

In fact, Su Ming even sensed that the will he Possessed of True Morning Dao World from Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos had also started showing signs of recovery.

Su Ming’s heart shuddered. A powerful sense of danger instantly rose within him, but not a single hint of wariness appeared on his face… because Su Ming believed that there was not a single form of power in the world that could exist eternally. All things had an arch enemy, and that arch enemy was not limited to one for all eternity. Instead, if there was one arch enemy and it was destroyed, after a certain amount of time, another one would appear.

It was just as the old men from Heavenly Spirit Tribe had said, and Su Ming believed him wholeheartedly. If the powerful Arid Triad’s will could have an arch enemy, then it would be even more so for the Mournful-Death souls.

A freezing glare shone in Su Ming’s eyes, and his will erupted from him with a bang. It was the great will formed by two True Worlds gathered together and was only second to the most powerful will in any Expanse Cosmos. The mighty pressure formed by the will could destroy millions of cultivators, and even his other self had to submit to it unless he borrowed the power of Harmonious Morus Alba.

Once he obtained this power, Su Ming could bring a myriad of changes to his divine abilities. He was no longer limited to a certain range, and as long as he could think of something, he could manifest what he thought about and execute it.

At the instant Su Ming’s will spread out, a red bolt of lightning immediately appeared in front of him. It had an astonishing presence, and the moment it appeared, the galaxy in the area seemed to sink into a relative state of eternal stillness.

This was clearly the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster!

However, this was an imitation formed by Su Ming with his will. It might not be as strong as the real Antecedental Spirit’s disaster, but it was enough to astonish all who lived.

“If the Mournful-Death souls could be wiped off by Harmonious Morus Alba’s will, then no matter how strong this race is, they have their limits.”

At the moment Su Ming spoke with an aloofness, the red bolt of lightning charged at the face in the vortex.

He did not wait to see the results. With a swing of his arm, five bolts of lightning appeared in front of him. They instantly turned into five faces that intersected with each other to form five colors before they transformed into a hand. With a loud bang, it went to seize the face in the vortex.
