# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1271

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“We let those that exist continue to exist, and make those who have died… return to emptiness…” the face from the vortex murmured, and it simply allowed the red bolt of lightning to strike it. The moment it touched the face, it disappeared without a trace.

Immediately after, the five-colored hand vanished when it touched the vortex amid the loud bangs, as if it had truly returned to emptiness.

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. He took a few steps back and frowned.

At that moment, his other self behind the vortex coughed up a mouthful of blood. His face turned pale, but his eyes sparkled brilliantly.

“It’s useless. I summoned these Mournful-Death souls, and they are connected to my will, which also means they are connected to Harmonious Morus Alba’s will. If you cannot destroy them, you will be devoured by them, and then fuse with me.”

When the other Su Ming said those words, he formed a seal and pointed forward. The eyes of the huge face in the vortex immediately opened, and it charged at Su Ming.

When it moved forward, it grew bigger. In just the span of a few breaths, it grew to nearly ten thousand feet tall. It spread out and approached Su Ming without stop.

Wills were useless.

Divine abilities were not effective.

Arts could not really damage it.

Even if it was an Enchanted Treasure, it would disappear because it existed, just like what the murmurs from the face in the vortex had declared. Because it did not exist, that was why it existed.

Since Harmonious Morus Alba’s will was the strongest force, the three Children of Morus Alba were powerful not only because of their levels of cultivation, but because they could borrow Harmonious Morus Alba’s will. After all, the moment they became the Children of Morus Alba, they were bestowed its strange divine abilities.

And this Expanse Cosmos’ Su Ming had been bestowed the will of the Mournful-Death souls when he became the Child of Morus Alba, which was what he had asked for! He summoned the Mournful-Death souls who were destroyed by Harmonious Morus Alba’s will into this universe, and with this power, he could wipe out all cultivators. Even those in Avacaniya Realm would eventually be killed.

Unless… they used some sort of special method.

It was going to be incredibly difficult for Su Ming to Possess his other self. After all, it was Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos, and its will would definitely not easily allow a Child of Morus Alba who could communicate with it to fuse with a person from Arid Triad.

Before the battle of destiny, Su Ming had absolute confidence that he would win, but similarly, his other self also had a lot of confidence that he would win. As they attacked and fought against each other, the other self’s confidence grew stronger, while a frown appeared on Su Ming’s face.

The face in the vortex continued expanding and drawing closer to him. Su Ming took a couple more steps back.

‘The Mournful-Death souls are indeed astonishing. No wonder Harmonious Morus Alba’s will would attack and wipe off this race… I only have two True World’s wills with me right now. It’s still impossible for me to fight against Arid Triad or Harmonious Morus Alba, which is why it’ll be difficult for me to wipe them off or make them disintegrate.

‘But… if I just want to get rid of the Mournful-Death souls, it’s not necessary for me to come into direct contact with them. I can use another method to do so!’

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled brilliantly when a thought appeared in his mind. He moved back and swiftly closed his eyes.

‘As long as you believe, it will exist.’

The strange power Su Ming had come to understand when he was in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence appeared in his head. This power was illusory. If it did not exist, then everything would disappear, but once someone believed in it, it would definitely exist.

“I believe that in this universe, besides Arid Triad and Harmonious Morus Alba, there are definitely other Expanse Cosmoses that exist!

“I also believe that the Expanse Cosmoses beyond them have surpassed even Saint Defier and Dark Dawn, and another universe exists in a galaxy far, far away from here.

“I, too, believe that in that universe are living beings. All those who are swept into that place can never return. They can only live there, and will either prosper as time goes, or be destroyed…”

As Su Ming mumbled under his breath, he lifted his arms and swung them forward. His will immediately spread out with a bang. It could not weaken the face in the vortex, since it was already the manifestation of the strongest power in the Expanse Cosmos.

That was why when Su Ming said those words, with his will and the will of heaven in his grasp, he released his right hand. The vortex he had in his palm floated upwards and turned swiftly into a black hole that could absorb everything.

The black hole instantly absorbed Su Ming’s will while it spread out from him and expanded. The vortex was deep, and no one could say where it went to. It slowly continued stretching downwards endlessly.

“I believe that the Mournful-Death souls will definitely rise to power in that distant world, but once they rise to power… they will definitely fall to ruin!

“This is your destiny. This is the destiny I, Su Ming, have set for the Mournful-Death souls!”

Su Ming’s eyes flew open, and a strange light shone in them. His left eye turned into a galaxy, which was True Morning Dao World, and his right eye became space, which was True Immortal Sect World.

The third eye at the center of his brow opened as if it had somehow fused with True Morning Dao World and True Immortal Sect World. A brilliant light spread out from it before it fused into the vortex in front of him, making it instantly grow exponentially larger. When it spread out, it was no longer a circle, but horizontal, as if space had been torn to reveal a crack, and it showed its fangs to the galaxy.

“I believe that the place in that galaxy will be your home. The Mournful-Death souls will be exiled. They will be chased out of Harmonious Morus Alba, and won’t be allowed to exist in Arid Triad!”

Monstrous killing intent appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. His final words echoed like thunder, and the crack in front of him expanded again. At the moment the face in the vortex approached, the crack went to devour it.

The other Su Ming’s expression changed swiftly. He intended to stop him, but he was a step too late.

A loud bang shot up and echoed in True Sky Hill World. It spread out in all directions and reverberated through the entire True World. In fact, it spread to the other True Worlds as well.

When the Child of Morus Alba looked over, he could clearly see that Su Ming had used the power that would exist if he believed in it to fuse the wills of the True Worlds that were only second to Arid Triad and Harmonious Morus Alba to form the huge crack in space.

It went through space and connected to an Expanse Cosmos of an unknown distance from this place. That Expanse Cosmos might exist, or it might not. However, Su Ming believed that beyond Arid Triad, Harmonious Morus Alba, Saint Defier, and Dark Dawn was another Expanse Cosmos.

With the believe that this Expanse Cosmos existed as his basis, Su Ming used the wills of two True Worlds as a lead, and with the power that would exist if he believed as the structure, he formed his divine ability. It did not possess any astonishing destructive power, and it would be difficult for him to kill even a mortal with it, but…

There was only one use for this Art, and it was the one Su Ming had mentioned—exile!

Since it was difficult for him to wipe off the face in the vortex formed by the Mournful-Death souls with his cultivation base or divine abilities, he changed tactics and activated the crack that would exist as long as he believed in it. He would have the crack devour the face in the vortex and banish it to the Expanse Cosmos that would definitely exist as long as Su Ming believed in it.

Booming sounds echoed in the air, deafening to the ears. The huge face in the vortex was swiftly devoured by the crack as it expanded endlessly and was banished to the Expanse Cosmos Su Ming was certain existed.

“I Curse you! With my name, I Curse all of you Mournful-Death souls to fall to ruin once you rise to glory!”

Before the crack disappeared, Su Ming said his final words to the Mournful-Death souls. They traveled into the crack and the other Expanse Cosmos through it. They were Branded into the laws of that Expanse Cosmos and into the destinies of the Mournful-Death souls.

This was a Curse Su Ming had formed with the wills of two True Worlds. It would become stronger as Su Ming’s will grew stronger in the future until it eventually became… a predestined fate for the Mournful-Death souls.

Boom!

The crack turned into a thin line in space, then faded away. The only people who remained existing were Su Ming… and the other Su Ming who was staring into his eyes and who no longer had the face in the vortex to protect him.

The Child of Morus Alba was silent at that moment. His expression was dark as he stared at Su Ming. There was an incredulous look in his eyes, along with despair and an unwillingness to admit defeat.

“Now, we have no one else to interrupt us. It’s time for us to have our final battle. Since they helped you and you will eventually become me, I blessed the Mournful-Death souls to rise to glory, but since you are not yet me, I Cursed them to fall to ruin.”

Su Ming’s expression was cold. As he spoke, he took a step forward and charged towards his other self.

The Child of Morus Alba swiftly fell back with a sullen expression. Killing intent shone in his eyes, and he lifted his arms. With one hand, he struck his chest, and with the other, the center of his brow.

“Power of Harmonious Morus Alba, with my thoughts as the Child of Morus Alba, I will have Harmonious Morus Alba appear!”

When he spoke, all of True Sky Hill World shuddered. A monstrous will instantly descended with loud bangs. It brought with it a domineering and ostentatious air. There was also a madness in it, as if it was a supreme existence in the universe. At the instant it descended, a pair of huge wings manifested behind the other Su Ming. They were colorful and exuded a brilliant light.

The Child of Morus Alba threw his head back and roared. His presence instantly erupted. A vast will shot through his body and filled the entire area. It formed a huge vortex under his feet. It spun with loud bangs and caused all of True Sky Hill World to rotate as well.

Countless planets spun, and countless meteors rotated about. The entire galaxy started circling around the Child of Morus Alba who had turned into a butterfly.

He was the center, the most brilliant sun in this True World.

“As you wish. The battle of destiny between us will come to an end now! If I win, I will agree to one of your requests. If you win… you must also agree to one of my requests!” The voice of the Child of Morus Alba echoed in space, and it sounded as if the entire True World was roaring.

“Very well!”

Su Ming did not hesitate. At the instant he said those words, his will erupted from him, and the images of True Immortal Sect World and True Morning Dao Sect appeared around him.
