# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1272

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

It was a fight between wills. There were no loud bangs caused by divine abilities, no dazzling Arts, but this form of battle surpassed that of divine abilities and Arts. It was not a battle of cultivators, but a battle of ideals!

There was no way cultivators could come in touch with a battle of this level. If they saw it, they would implode and die because their minds could not handle it, because their blood could not bear with it, and because their wills could not overpower those wills.

Battles of this level were battles of the peak that only true Almighties who could shake the so-called rules of heaven and who could even make the wills of Arid Triad and Harmonious Morus Alba, who were Expanse Cosmoses, look aside.

At some point in time, the child in Dark Mountain had grown into a prodigious person of such a degree. This was a future Su Ming had been unable to see in the past.

True Immortal Sect World and True Morning Dao World surrounded Su Ming at that moment, just like a pair of wings. The wills of the two True Worlds clustered around his will and charged at the Child of Morus Alba.

Once the will of Harmonious Morus Alba descended on him, it was as if the other Su Ming turned into the envoy who could allow Harmonious Morus Alba to move about in the galaxy. As the Child of Morus Alba, he had all his life erupt from him to turn into a wave of impact. At that moment, both Su Mings were like two shooting stars that would press forward without turning back. They swiftly closed in on each other at that instant.

True Sky Hill World turned into a vortex. Su Ming’s two Great True Worlds became the strongest attack in his life, and the eyes of the Child of Morus Alba turned bloodshot because of the will of Harmonious Morus Alba. To resurrect his beloved, he gave up everything for the attack.

Su Ming could be proud!

When he was in Arid Triad, he was a massively talented person, a powerful person who had the wills of two Great True Worlds gathered on him. He was a noble existence who could cause the universe to shake and who stood above cultivators.

And his other self in Harmonious Morus Alba was also a massively talented person. He was one of the three Children of Morus Alba. He was a powerful warrior who surpassed cultivators and who could communicate with Harmonious Morus Alba’s will.

They were one person in two different worlds and with two different fates, but were both similarly brilliant.

Perhaps the other two Children of Morus Alba had similar experiences, but Su Ming’s battle was undeniably the most brilliant of them all.

‘There is no right or wrong in this battle.’

Booming sounds surged into space. As the two wills clashed against each other, their thoughts seemed to have fused. They did not need to say any words, but both of them could sense it clearly.

‘There is no good and bad in this battle.’

Booming sounds echoed in space. The two wills clashed against each other time and again, causing the galaxy where the both of them were to tremble. The vortex formed by True Sky Hill World spun faster, and transparent threads appeared, floated, rotated, and surrounded the area.

‘This battle is part of our destiny. This is… a battle of wills and spirit!’

A battle of will and spirit was used to describe rashness most of the time. They were not perfect and were usually filled with negative connotations, but during that moment, this phrase did not have any sort of negative connotations. It was used as a description of a Realm. The will in this phrase was used to describe willpower, and the spirit here was the aura that existed in all living beings.

This was a fight between wills, a fight to the death of two lives to fulfill the meaning of their life, and once it ended, only one of them could exist!

The booming sounds grew louder. As they surged into the heavens, Su Ming’s will grew larger, and the natural instinct to snatch and plunder caused him to seize everything from his other self as their wills clashed.

On the other hand, the Child of Morus Alba who had Harmonious Morus Alba’s will gathered on him knew… that he was bound to fail in this battle of wills and spirits, because the will with which he fought was not something of his own. He had known it since the moment the ten Mourning-Dead souls had been exiled.

But even if he was going to fail, he did not have the right to flee. He could not choose to escape. He was Su Ming, and Su Ming was him. The two of them were bound to merge into one, and even Harmonious Morus Alba longed for them to do so.

If that was the case… then they might as well be one complete whole!

It would allow his two selves from Yin Death and Bright Yang, Harmonious Morus Alba and Arid Triad, beyond the mirror and within the mirror… to become complete. They would be able to become the highest form of existence in the universe. This was destiny. It was something both Su Mings were conscious of.

If the Su Ming from Arid Triad was in his place, he would eventually choose to do the same. Since he could not be in control of the situation, he would become the one who would merge into the other, because only by doing so could the person who survived become the strongest and be able to protect all that he wanted to protect.

They were one, and the things they wanted to protect were the same.

This was something that the two wills noticed wholly when one side became stronger and the other became weaker as they continuously clashed with each other.

This clash of wills and the booming sounds lasted for about the time it takes an incense stick to burn before a long string of laughter echoed in space. There was regret in that laughter, along with an ancient tone, and a soundless sigh.

“My other self from Arid Triad, today, I will become one with you, and the both of us will become complete, but remember this… You must remember your determination, and you must remember what you wish to protect!

“Remember the person the both of us want to protect!

“Take Yu Xuan away. Take her to Arid Triad, search for Arid Triad’s Yu Xuan, when the both of them fuse into one, she will wake up. Since there is only one Su Ming in this world, then there can also only be one Yu Xuan as well…

“From now on… you are a powerful warrior from Arid Triad, and also a Child of Morus Alba from Harmonious Morus Alba!”

An astonishing bang shot up. It came from Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos. When the other Su Ming’s voice echoed in space, it fused with the bang, and it gradually went into the distance.

At the same time, the rotating vortex formed by all of True Sky Hill World came to a stop. When it did so, an innumerable number of invisible threads were flung out, and they swiftly went to the spot where the two wills clashed.

Layer by layer. Thread by thread. In the blink of an eye, the area around Su Ming was covered by countless invisible threads. Since too many of them filled the area, they gradually became visible, though they were still semi-transparent. When all of True Sky Hill World was completely covered by those threads, what appeared in the galaxy was a huge cocoon!

It was a cocoon of a butterfly before it spread its wings for the first time!

At the instant the cocoon was formed, Harmonious Morus Alba’s will descended completely in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos. Its presence felt just like the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster from Arid Triad. It caused all of the operations of Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos to become still for all eternity.

Only the cocoon continued growing swiftly. Su Ming’s presence alternated between being strong and weak while he was in it as if he was going through an incredibly important metamorphosis.

It would cause his life to become complete. Once he fused with his other self within the mirror, he would reach a unique rise in power. No one knew how long it would last. When he woke up, he would no longer be incomplete, as he had been in the past. Instead, he would become… the one and only Su Ming in the world!

The metamorphosis was not just a simple serendipity for Su Ming. Harmonious Morus Alba’s will had went out of its way to descend and surround him. It prevented any kind of accident from happening when it froze Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos for all eternity.

When it descended personally, it acted in a manner similar to a guard that treasured the chance to see something that had never happened before. It valued this chance so highly that it had looked forward to it for a long time.

It had waited for the day Su Ming would break from the cocoon.
