# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1273

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The flames of war burned fiercely in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos. The cultivators from Saint Defier and Dark Dawn had their own unique cultivation systems. With their powers which they believed to be the only ones that were true, at the moment they rushed out of Arid Triad’s gap, they clashed against the first defense formed by the cultivators of the three Great True Worlds.

With an overpowering advantage and while dealing an incredible number of casualties to the cultivators of the three True Worlds… they faced no challenged when rushing forward!

After all, they were cultivators of the fourth era who had inherited their legacies from the second era. There were no dislocations in between eras, no missing parts in their cultivation systems when their legacies were passed down from era to era.

It was unlike for the cultivators from Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos. After living through several eras, their cultivation system might look complete, but it lacked a soul. They had the system, but lacked the thoughts contained within it.

The battle… had only lasted for three days, and almost all the cultivators from the three True Worlds in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos had died… Blood filled True Morning Dao World, and torn limbs floated everywhere. Shrill roars had once reverberated through space intensely, but at that moment, all of them gradually faded away. Only a thick stench of blood remained. It spread through the area, bearing witness to the tragic battle.

During it… not a single person from the three True Worlds of Arid Triad had taken even half a step backwards, which was a sight that was rarely seen. Not a single one of them had the thought of retreating. Perhaps they once had, but right behind them were their homes. In the face of the ferocious smiles of the invaders, they watched countless people stand beside them with bloodshot eyes and self-destruct to stop the invaders. After seeing such scenes … no one chose to move back.

Even if they retreated to the end of the universe, if all of Arid Triad stopped existing, what was the use for them to remain alive while gasping for their last breath? Unyieldingness was a subjective word, but it became something corporeal in that battle. It became the source that made all the cultivators from the three True Worlds in Arid Triad to descend into madness.

They continued to self-destruct, continued to fight, and continued to die…

All the cultivators from the three True Worlds in Arid Triad might have died while the loss Saint Defier and Dark Dawn suffered was not great, but the madness from the cultivators of Arid Triad shocked them greatly.

It was… a madness of rather dying than surrendering and lowering one’s head. It was a fearlessness that allowed them to give up their all to protect everything they cared about!

They lasted for three days before almost all of them haddied. When all their Enchanted Treasures crumbled, the second army of cultivators from the three True Worlds in Arid Triad arrived.

A war that seemed to be able to continue without stop was lit in True Morning Dao World. The cultivators from Arid Triad were used to the whirlwind in True Morning Dao World, which was why in some sense, it also became a protection of Arid Triad. To the cultivators from Saint Defier and Dark Dawn, who were not used to the whirlwind, it was incredibly difficult to handle.

But the difference between their cultivation systems was a ravine that they could not avoid. It meant that the winner of the battle in which countless cultivators had died would not be Arid Triad, no matter what.

Arid Triad could not compare in terms of overall levels of cultivation, and in the face of the countless cultivators from the two Expanse Cosmoses, Arid Triad too, could not compare… The only thing it had was a conviction that allowed its people to fight to the death due to their unwillingness to admit defeat.

Either they would win and Arid Triad would remain Arid Triad, or they would lose, and all the cultivators from Arid Triad would become slaves. They would be enslaved for generations and never be able to lift their heads, never be able to determine their own lives!

How were they supposed to make a choice? There was no choice!

The second army of cultivators from Arid Triad lasted for four days before they crumbled again. All of them died. All of True Morning Dao World turned bloody red, and a thick stench of blood filled the space. The bloody stench was so strong that even the whirlwind could not make it disappear. It could only fill space and accumulate to no end.

The third, fourth, fifth armies…

Five armies of cultivators were deployed, and each was stronger than the last. Their Enchanted Vessels were more astonishing each time, but they had only been able to graze Saint Defier and Dark Dawn’s feet while holding them back for most of a month.

Once the Ancient Gods appeared and huge ferocious beasts from Dark Dawn the size of the Ancient Gods came out from the gap, endless ripples appeared in all of True Morning Dao World. The war… ended at that moment.

The appearance of the Ancient Gods, the huge beasts from Dark Dawn, the descent of the Eight Paramount Daos from Saint Defier, and the ferocious appearance of the ten Murderous Saints from Dark Dawn caused the war, which had a power imbalance to begin with, to completely lose its balance. In fact, the scale had disappeared into thin air.

The Sublime Paragon of Sacred Yin was severely wounded, and body and soul of the Sublime Paragon from the Fourth True World were destroyed. When one of the two powerful warriors was injured and the other died, as if dust had finally fallen to the ground, the mourning bell rang in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos!

When the fifth army of cultivators was destroyed, the sixth army did not appear. Instead, in silence, True Sacred Yin World activated their Sealing Rune and completely locked down True Sacred Yin World. They no longer sent any cultivators outwards. Instead, with the act of locking down their entire True World, they began setting up a tight defense.

They had already lost their courage to continue attacking, because they could not see hope. Right then, they could only continue strengthening the power of their Rune, which they had prepared for years, in an attempt to fight against the power of Saint Defier and Dark Dawn.

The Sublime Paragon and many powerful warriors of this True World activated their full strength to make their Rune complete and flawless. This was a passive choice… but they could not see the future even after they made this choice.

After True Sacred Yin World sealed their True World, the Fourth Great True World fell silent, and they too chose to lock down their True World. They stopped sending out cultivators…

During that moment, it was as if there was no longer any force of power that could stop Saint Defier and Dark Dawn’s footsteps. An innumerable number of cultivators from the two Expanse Cosmoses spread out to occupy large areas. Once they formed two huge camps, they completely occupied True Morning Dao World, causing this place to no longer belong to Arid Triad.

There was a large number of cultivators who did not join the Ninth Summit previously, and they were scattered all over the True World. They would occasionally engage in a fierce battle against the foreign cultivators, but they were just mere sparks. They could not create a huge blast.

All of True Morning Dao World was reduced to ruin… There was only a bloody stench in space and blood everywhere.

The land of Berserkers could not be seen in True Morning Dao World because when war erupted, all the Berserkers were shifted into the Ninth Summit, the place once belonging to Morning Dao Sect. It was done the moment Su Ming’s second senior brother received his message, delivered to him via the True World’s will.

When a large number of cultivators descended from Saint Defier and Dark Dawn, True Morning Dao World practically became a galaxy belonging to those two Expanse Cosmoses, and True Sacred Yin World and the Fourth True World were forced to choose to seal themselves, five spots were exposed to Saint Defier and Dark Dawn!

One, the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. Two, Ninth Summit. Three… Heavenly Incense Rune. Four, Sun Sinking Talisman. Five… Yin Death Vortex!

The Emperor of Abyss’ True World could be said to have been the first to choose to seal itself when the war broke out. The cultivators in there were kept in extremely good condition, as if they were an independent entity, and were not at all connected to the other True Worlds in Arid Triad.

As for Heavenly Incense Rune, Dark Dawn was the first to approach it, but the Heavenly Incense had been extinguished, which made them unable to obtain even a single shred of its life force. They could not use all the preparations they had made and could only give up.

Dark Dawn and Saint Defier were both interested in Yin Death Vortex, but the cultivators from Saint Defier were the first to approach it, as if they had agreed upon this with Dark Dawn, and that was why Dark Dawn did not follow them.

Only the huge Sun Sinking Talisman floating in the galaxy had cultivators from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier surrounding it at the same time. Both sides sent out a large number of cultivators to investigate and attempt to activate it.

The last was the Ninth Summit, which was located in the spot previously belonging to Morning Dao Sect. This place… practically became the spot for Saint Defier and Dark Dawn to train their soldiers. The cultivators from the two Expanse Cosmoses were not in a hurry to sweep through Arid Triad, but had instead stationed themselves in True Morning Dao World.

On one hand, they wanted to investigate the Sun Sinking Talisman, and on the other, they wanted to widen the gap, causing it to expand nonstop. At the same time, they trained their soldiers using the Ninth Summit and continuously attacked its Rune.

The entire process lasted for about a month, and by then, the Ninth Summit’s Rune was severely damaged, but it did not crumble. However, the cultivators from the two Expanse Cosmoses attacking the Ninth Summit had only become stronger.

It was as if… they had become acclimated to Arid Triad during the month, as if they had stationed themselves in True Morning Dao World to get used to it.

Once that happened and they became capable of bringing forth their full power… the nightmare started.

Sacred Yin was attacked by Saint Defier, and the Emperor of Abyss was attacked by Dark Dawn. Both Expanse Cosmoses deployed their armies to these two True Worlds, and a shocking war broke out…

The Fourth True World looked as if it had been intentionally overlooked. They did not go overboard in provoking them. However, the Ninth Summit was not as fortunate as the Fourth True World. Instead. Its Rune was continuously weakened until it gradually reached the point of breaking.

Outside the Ninth Summit was a large number of cultivators surrounding the sect. They were not in a hurry to break the Rune. In truth, it was useless even if they were in a hurry. The Ninth Summit’s Rune had been personally crafted by Hu Xi, but that was not all. True Morning Dao World was Su Ming’s clone, and while this clone had lost some semblance of sentience because Su Ming was in Harmonious Morus Alba, he could still use the True World’s will to protect a Rune.

As the army of cultivators attacked the Runes beyond the Emperor of Abyss and Sacred Yin, a man and woman stood behind the many foreign cultivators surrounding the Ninth Summit’s Rune. They were staring at it coldly.

“I do not understand. This is just a simple Rune and a simple sect. Why are the two Supreme Paragons paying such a high amount of attention to it? They actually retracted the order to attack forcefully… If we could ask the three Supreme Paragons to attack, this Rune would have been reduced to ash in a moment.”

The woman was incredibly beautiful while twirling her hair. Her voice was clear, but there was a cold indifference in it.

“I don’t understand it either, but our Supreme Paragons are only second to the Lords Saint Defier and the Sovereigns of Dawn. They are near to the level of the envoys of the Lords Saint Defier and Sovereigns of Dawn.

“Their orders must have come from the Lords Saint Defier and the Sovereigns of Dawn. If that is the case, then there is no need for us to persist in it. But speaking of which, I do not know whether you’ve noticed this… but True Morning Dao World makes me feel uneasy.”

The middle-aged man beside the woman was dressed in a blue robe. He had a frown on his face as he stared at Ninth Summit’s Rune while speaking languidly.
