# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1277

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“When the wings overlap, the disaster will fall, and during that instant, the will of Arid Triad will be in a state of sleep and wakefulness. It will also be the moment where it is at its most dozed. That moment… will be the only moment where you can Possess it!

“I cannot show myself to help you. Unless you Possessed most of Arid Triad and are just a sliver away from success, I will not appear.

“But… I can open up all of Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos for you. You can train at will here. In fact… I give you another True World’s will so that you can Possess it!

“By doing so, if you can Possess another True World in Arid Triad, then you will have four True Worlds in your Possession, and you will obtain the right to Possess Arid Triad.

“I can also teach you… a divine ability Branded in my mind when I was born. The name of the divine ability was Butterfly Metamorphosis. You’ve only managed to understand the bare basics of it. Once I give it all to you, activate this Art at the critical moment when you are Possessing Arid Triad…” The muffled voice of Harmonious Morus Alba’s will was filled with excitement during that instant. It echoed in Su Ming’s ears, causing Su Ming to fall silent.

“Once you Possess it, tear down my left wing, and this will be the greatest help for me…”

Su Ming was still silent. The excitement in Harmonious Morus Alba’s will slowly turned into a lingering note in space. The entire True World gradually sank into silence.

“Aren’t you worried that once I successfully Possess Arid Triad, I won’t fulfill my promise?” After a long while, a barely noticeable glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes as he said faintly.

“During the period of time Arid Triad’s will came into existence, I sighed, more than once. I sighed and wondered what would have happened if I chose to self-destruct during the one hundred years I noticed I was Possessed.

“But a pity. The slight sliver of hope for survival had caused me to miss the chance to choose self-destruction, and even lose the right to do so. I could only hide after that and not dare to show myself.

“However… if there is someone who will Possess Arid Triad or Possess me again, then it will mean that everything will return to the start. During the one hundred years after I was Possessed, I will have one chance to self-destruct.

“The result… will be that I cannot return home and I will disappear from then on, but the price will be that the person who Possessed the two Expanse Cosmoses will vanish without a trace. From then on, not a single trace of anything about me will be left in this universe,” Harmonious Morus Alba’s will remained silent for a moment before it said languidly.

“Helping me will also mean that you’re helping yourself. You are helping yourself create an endless future and a serendipity!

“If you don’t help me, I will still exist. I will still hide. Perhaps after an unknown number of aeons later, I will be made to merge with Arid Triad, but during that process, you will have to bear with the fate of all your families and friends’ deaths. All the people you knew during the aeons will eventually die wretched deaths, and you… will have to face the fate of waking up only for two hundred years in each aeon while sleeping for the rest of the time… and as each aeon passes, you will become weaker.

“You will realize… that living is more painful than dying.

“Once I am devoured, everything will be remade… and you will be buried in the past. During the process of everything being remade, you will be wiped off for all eternity.

“Similarly, if you choose to help Arid Triad… then you should know how you will end up, considering you know very well about the schemes between cultivators and how the strong prey on the weak. I do not even need to tell you about it.

“If you choose to agree to help me but turn against me in the end or Possess me, you know full well what will happen to you… Unless you submit to fate… you have no other choice.” The voice of Harmonious Morus Alba’s will traveled into the area calmly, causing Su Ming’s expression to become even darker.

‘I don’t have any other choice..?’ Su Ming did not speak. In truth, Harmonious Morus Alba’s will had not promised Su Ming anything, and neither did it give him many things. It promised him that he would own the left wing, but if Su Ming truly Possessed Arid Triad, he would not need Harmonious Morus Alba’s blessing. The left wing was already his, there was no need for him to be provided that blessing.

With Su Ming’s soul, he could also Possess one of the wills in this True World’s Expanse Cosmos. There might be some difficulties in this, but it was by no means any sort of gift. However, it would still make Su Ming’s Possession of Arid Triad to be easier.

The Butterfly Metamorphosis was also not any form of legacy. This was something Harmonious Morus Alba’s will must do for itself.

It could be said that Harmonious Morus Alba had used the most straightforward method not to provide help for Su Ming… but to tell him all about the truth in detail.

It told him everything and did not hide too many details from him. It allowed Su Ming to know of his situation and know of all the paths in his future. If he understood, then it would be beneficial for the both of them… and that would be enough.

“Then… what sort of existences are the 360 Expanse Cosmoses that form Saint Defier and Dark Dawn? Could it be that there are other butterflies beside you who have reached perfection?” Su Ming remained silent for a while before he suddenly asked. This was his final question.

This question had remained constantly in his mind after he came to understand Harmonious Morus Alba, and since Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos was a mirror of Arid Triad, there was also a gap in Harmonious Morus Alba serving as a reflection of Arid Triad’s gap, and Su Ming had noticed it when he had his will fill the place.

Then surely, there should also be a Dark Dawn and Saint Defier beyond this gap!

“Other butterflies..? No. I am the only in this vast galaxy… My family is in the distance… I stopped midway to watched the beautiful galaxy… but because of it, I have practically been made to stop here for all eternity. I can’t find my family, I can’t locate them…” There was a melancholic tone in Harmonious Morus Alba’s voice. Its voice lingered, and there was a sigh in it.

“As for the Saint Defier and Dark Dawn you speak of… They exist in real Expanse Cosmoses as well, but they are not beyond me. They are also on my wings.” Harmonious Morus Alba remained silent for a moment before it answered languidly.

“The so-called gap… is in truth not a gap.”

“I don’t understand.” Su Ming frowned. These words caused him to be in slight confusion. He could not grasp the meaning behind it. He still could not quite understand how Saint Defier and Dark Dawn, which were both beyond Arid Triad’s gap, could possibly be on the butterfly.

In fact, in Su Ming’s thoughts, perhaps Saint Defier and Dark Dawn had been able to leave in the past because… Arid Triad had agreed to it. In fact… there was a high possibility that Arid Triad had also given its tacit agreement for the formation of the gap that had appeared in Arid Triad this time.

And this… was what Su Ming could not understood. If Arid Triad and Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos were the two wings on the butterfly… then where were the Expanse Cosmoses of Dark Dawn and Saint Defier located?

“How many wings did I have on my body when you saw me in my memories?” Harmonious Morus Alba’s voice echoed around Su Ming calmly.

“Two wings… hmm?” Right when Su Ming spoke, his eyes immediately focused swiftly. He stopped speaking abruptly. There was brilliant light shining in his eyes. His heart roared loudly during that moment as well.

“It’s not just two wings… but four wings!!” The butterfly he saw previously immediately appeared in Su Ming’s mind. The butterfly had two huge wings, but when it flapped its wings, there were two slightly smaller wings. However, they looked as if they were connected. In fact, when they moved, they moved at the same pace with the larger wings. That was why Su Ming ignored their existences, instead treating them as a part of the two wings!

But in truth, the butterfly did not have two wings… it had four wings!!

During that instant, Su Ming came to an instant understanding that the two big wings were Arid Triad and Harmonious Morus Alba, and one of the two small wings was Saint Defier and Dark Dawn… while the other was an Expanse Cosmos connected to Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos!

“Then…” Su Ming’s eyes sparkled brilliantly, just as he was about to speak, the low voice of Harmonious Morus Alba’s will gradually traveled into the air.

“I know what you want to ask. You want to ask whether there is a will in those two small wings… I told you before that Arid Triad is stronger than I am. That is why he can come searching for me on his own, and why I have to hide from him.

“But you didn’t ask me… why he is stronger than me.

“Because he had also Possessed the small left wing originally belonging to me, and I… was forced to give up on the small right wing when I was fighting against Arid Triad. I hid myself in the world in the big right wing.” In Su Ming’s ears, Harmonious Morus Alba’s voice sounded as if it came from very far away, because at that moment, Su Ming was so shocked that he had a storm raging in his heart.

Only during that moment did he understand that this so-called disaster of Arid Triad and Dark Dawn’s descent was in truth… tacitly agreed upon by Arid Triad, because to Arid Triad, it did not matter whether it was Saint Defier or Dark Dawn, they were one!

Yet hilariously enough, Saint Defier and Dark Dawn did not know this at all. Perhaps there were people who knew this, but most would definitely not know about this. They thought that had descended to invade Arid Triad, but in truth, they were also one.

‘Then why did Arid Triad do this?! Even if it’s asleep, it also wanted to drive this matter into its development… besides searching for Harmonious Morus Alba, there is no other reason!

‘Then what other method could it use to find Harmonious Morus Alba…’ Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. During the instant this question appeared in his mind, a shudder ran through his entire body!

‘Arid Triad’s gap and Harmonious Morus Alba’s gap!

‘Arid Triad, what an existence! As expected of the strongest cultivator in the Expanse Cosmos in the past and the most powerful person who could Possess Harmonious Morus Alba’s will. This person’s schemes are not something a normal person can think of. He isn’t thinking about using Arid Triad’s gap to find Harmonious Morus Alba, but with Arid Triad’s gap… he wants to form Harmonious Morus Alba’s gap!

‘With Dark Dawn and Saint Defier invading Arid Triad… it caused the small right wing to invade Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos! It can be said that at the same time Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos is invaded by Dark Dawn and Saint Defier, there are also forms of lives descending into Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos through Harmonious Morus Alba’s gap!’ When Su Ming’s heart trembled, Harmonious Morus Alba’s sigh traveled into his ears.

“You should have thought of it. That’s right. Once you arrived, a gap appeared in my Expanse Cosmos. I can sense… Arid Triad’s presence coming from it. It… has arrived using this method.

“Next, he will make the disaster descend ahead of schedule. He will make the four wings’ overlapping appear beforehand.”

A brilliant light appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. At that moment, he did not know that the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe had understood this before he died, and that was why he had mentioned that it was coming.

He meant to say that the disaster was about to come. He meant to say… that Arid Triad had already rushed into Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos through Harmonious Morus Alba’s gap!
