# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1278

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Arid Triad, what an existence!

This was a matter he had planned for two eras, and he had exerted a subtle influence over Saint Defier and Dark Dawn to send them out of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos. They entered a region that could be said to be Arid Triad’s second Expanse Cosmos. He waited there in silence, and when the time was right, he used the gap as an entrance and moved into Harmonious Morus Alba. He also attempted to use this method to control three wings, so that the overlapping of the four wings… would arrive ahead of schedule!

‘Even I was used by Arid Triad once. The Antecedental Spirit’s disaster had appeared in Yin Death Vortex because he wanted to force me into Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos!

‘My appearance caused Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos and Arid Triad to arrive at the same wavelength, causing Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos to appear!’

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled brilliantly, and there was a fierceness in them. If his cooperation with Harmonious Morus Alba previously only began to form, then right then, Su Ming had completely agreed to cooperate with it.

There was an arrogance in his character!

This arrogance made him become ruthless towards all those who used him and manipulated his life. He made all those people pay. It was the case for Su Xuan Yi, for Di Tian… so why should Arid Triad’s will be any different!

“The time for the overlap should have been around three thousand and seven hundred years, but now, it has become only five hundred years. I can only stall it for five hundred years. After that… the four wings will overlap, and the disaster will arrive.”

Harmonious Morus Alba’s will sighed softly. When its murmurs spread out, Su Ming sank into silence.

What caused him to fall silent was not the five hundred years. Instead, it was the original time for the disaster to descend. The time… was three thousand seven hundred something years.

In fact, Su Ming knew the precise time for it. It should be three thousand seven hundred and twenty years.

The voice of the Rune Spirit in Heavenly Spirit Incense seemed to repeat its words in his again.

“Three thousand seven hundred twenty years later, I will be lit again…”

A hint of determination appeared in Su Ming’s face. When he lifted his head, he stared at the galaxy in the distance and said calmly, “I understand. I will help you in this.”

“Thank you… Which True World’s will do you want to Possess?”

“Which True World directly reflects Arid Triad’s Emperor of Abyss?” A strange light shone in Su Ming’s eyes when he spoke faintly.

“It is the True World you are currently in… True Sky Hill World.”

“I want the will here!” Su Ming said resolutely and without hesitation.

At the moment he said those words, Harmonious Morus Alba’s will immediately turned into a storm around him. It surrounded Su Ming and swept through the area with a loud bang. In the blink of an eye, it grew to be ten thousand lis wide before it disappeared without a trace. Only Su Ming’s divine sense could sense that the storm had already swept through all of True Sky Hill World. Wherever it went, True Sky Hill World’s original will would instantly disappear.

This only lasted for the span of a few breaths. When the storm Harmonious Morus Alba had turned into went past True Sky Hill World, not a single shred of will remained within it.

It turned into an empty space. It was like a body without a soul, and any other soul could occupy it. This was the help Harmonious Morus Alba provided Su Ming, allowing him to Possess a True World in an incredibly easy manner!

The moment True Sky Hill World was void of a will, Su Ming’s will spread out and instantly fused into it. His will instantly increased in power exponentially, as if it had received a great supplement and external nourishment. In just the span of a few breaths, Su Ming’s will spread through all of Sky Hill, and once he completely occupied it and turned it into his clone, he could clearly sense that the power of his will… had increased by five-tenths!

With three True Worlds’ wills, Su Ming instantly rose to a higher state of being, making him feel like a god at that moment!

It didn’t if his will, his cultivation base, or his Antecedental Spirit’s will took control, they could each make him become a supreme entity. Su Ming’s will had become incredibly strong at that moment. His level of cultivation was slightly weaker, but as long as he was successful in multiple spirit ascensions, he could make his will fuse with his cultivation base, and then he could have his Antecedental Spirit’s will fuse with his will. In the end, he could make them his will’s assistants. From then on… Su Ming would no longer be a cultivator, but an existence with his will as his main concern!

“Please keep to your promise, and I will do the same… I will give you the Butterfly Metamorphosis when you Possess Arid Triad… You only have five hundred years to prepare. During them, I can no longer help you, because I will be in deep sleep. With it, I will fight against Arid Triad so that I can hold it back for five hundred years… for you, and for myself.

“Take care… of yourself.”

Harmonious Morus Alba’s muffled voice slowly grew weaker. When the lingering echoes of the final four words spread out, Harmonious Morus Alba’s will sank into deep sleep and disappeared into the universe. Its Expanse Cosmos, which had previously been frozen for all eternity, returned to normal during that moment.

No one knew that this period of time, which seemed to have only lasted for the blink of an eye, made Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos different from before. Sky Hill had already become one of Su Ming’s clones.

In silence, Su Ming lifted his head and looked into the distance. When he took a step forward, he disappeared into space and reached the border connecting Sky Hill and Victory Colony. Then, he walked straight into True Victory Colony World.

Su Ming appeared in the palace belonging to the Child of Morus Alba in True Victory Colony World. He moved forward and did not run into any form of resistance. Even the guards standing beyond the palace immediately worshiped him respectfully once they saw him.

Su Ming walked into the palace and looked around. In silence, he lowered his head and looked at the floor beneath his feet. He lifted his right foot before he placed it down gently. His body immediately fused with the ground and appeared at the bottommost level of the palace, right where the other Yu Xuan slept.

As he stared at her sleeping form, Su Ming examined the face of the woman who was exactly the same as the one in his memories.

He was silent.

He could not take her away, because even his other self who had fused with him had not known of the secrets in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos. He did not know that this Yu Xuan would have her body and soul destroyed once she was brought out.

Su Ming did not dare take the bet. In silence, he watched the sleeping woman. When he lifted his right hand and swung it, layers of huge seals appeared swiftly, filling the hall with Su Ming’s will. When the protections in the place reached their peak, Su Ming cast a glance at the sleeping woman once more before turning around and leaving.

He wanted to go to Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos’ All Spirits Hall!

This was Su Ming’s final stop while in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos. He did not want to know who was the third Child of Morus Alba nor did he need to know it. There was no use in knowing whether they were someone familiar to him or just a stranger.

Whichever was the case, it would be better if he did not ask, did not know, and did not see.

Once he understood all of this and no longer allowed it to bother him, Su Ming’s heart became very calm, so calm that he felt as if he had returned to the carefree childhood years when he was in Dark Mountain. However, the calmness he experienced at that time was because he had yet to experience life and he was as blank as a sheet of paper.

Yet now, countless pictures had already appeared on the white sheet of paper. Too many vicissitudes of life had been written down, and it already had wrinkles of time, but due to the changes, Su Ming felt as if he had seen through all the splendor in the world and understood the real meaning behind it, and that was why he was calm.

He slowly walked through the galaxy. He moved through Victory Colony, walked past Sky Hill, and arrived in True Immortal Sect World.

He stared at the now empty wasteland that was True Immortal Sect World and walked calmly through it until… he came to the All Spirits Hall reflecting the All Spirits Hall in Arid Triad’s True Morning Dao World.

Or rather, there was no All Spirits Hall in Immortal Sect, because the huge talisman was not there.

Su Ming stared at the empty galaxy and closed his eyes.

There was indeed no talisman here… but if Su Ming needed it, it would appear, because this was an Expanse Cosmos in the mirror, while Arid Triad was beyond the mirror, and if there could be two forms of the exact same life within and outside the mirror, there was no exception to the All Spirits Hall.

When he closed his eyes, Su Ming took a step forward. Then another step, and another. When he placed his foot down for the third step, his body contorted. He disappeared from the galaxy, and when he reappeared, he was already in a world he was familiar with.

White fog filled the entire world, and no end could be seen of it. He could not see into the distance, and he could not see any lives in the fog.

This was All Spirits Hall. Perhaps it was Arid Triad’s All Spirits Hall, but it could also belong to Harmonious Morus Alba. Su Ming did not look into this too deeply. It did not matter to which side the hall belonged. As long as it existed, it was enough.

With a step forward, Su Ming turned into a long arc and flew forward in the direction he remembered. He did not seem to be fast, but in the blink of an eye, he disappeared without a trace.

As he charged forward, the fog underneath instantly started tumbling, as if Su Ming’s arrival had caused some changes. In the blink of an eye, red fog was about to appear.

Red fog was the most terrifying sign in the world in All Spirits Hall. When Su Ming ran into this red fog in the past, he had to use his fastest speed to avoid it, or else his life would be in danger.

But right then…

The moment the red fog appeared, Su Ming let out a cold harrumph. He lifted his right hand and swung his arm downwards. With it, storms immediately raged. Booming sounds shook the sky and earth. The fog started tumbling backwards with loud rumbles. It looked like the storm was about to wipe it off.

The countless ferocious beasts in the blood-red fog instantly broke down and exploded. They became part of the blood fog, but they still could not stop the fog from dissipating.

At that moment, shrill roars traveled through the air. The sky distorted. A vast hall with an ancient and decaying air had one of its corners descend at the end of the sky. At the same time, a large number of lives who looked like spirits and who had dazed expressions on their faces came out from the hall to charge towards Su Ming.

Figures who were as thin as mummies, as tall as mountains, and who held long spears in their hands appeared. They raised the long spears in their hands, and waves of murderous aura filled the universe.

Almost in an instant, a large number of people who had failed their spirit ascension and turned into either spirits or other forms of physical entities charged towards Su Ming ferociously from all around him.

Su Ming’s expression remained calm. He stared at the strange life forms who had forced him to flee and would have killed him if he had not run into an old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe before. His expression was calm, but a fierce look appeared in his eyes. With a swing of his arm, he said calmly, “Get lost!”

The world roared. With just two words, it sounded as if thunder that was a million times stronger than normal roared in the sky. Its mighty pressure swept through the land, causing the dazed and ferocious spirits as well as the spear-wielding mummies to shudder, and the forms and spirits of quite a number of them were instantly destroyed while the world rumbled.

The entire world instantly filled with a dead silence after the thunderous rumble… In the next breath, great terror appeared on the faces of all the spirits and mummies. Then, without any hesitation, just like how they had reacted when the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe showed up, they instantly fell back and dispersed.
