# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1281

The fifth spirit ascension. The fifth row. The 79th position. At the instant Su Ming touched it and fused with it, his aura filled the entire world in an unprecedented manner.

The ground trembled, and the fog tumbled. Five Spirit Descension Halls descended around Su Ming. The All Spirits were still before him, shining brightly compared to the dull Spirit Descension Halls.

Su Ming fused with the Ancestral Spirit. Several hours later, when the Ancestral Spirit in front of him disappeared from his position in the fifth row, an astonishing, mighty pressure erupted from Su Ming’s body. It was so strong that it instantly caused all the Ancestral Spirits beneath the fifth row to lower their heads together.

The All Spirits Hall in the sky became dimmer, and the Spirit Descension Halls became barely discernible, as if they could not withstand the great pressure from Su Ming.

His strength was unprecedented. At that moment, he might seem to have only had his spirit ascend five times, but in truth, he had already ascended six times! In fact, when Su Ming returned to Arid Triad and went to All Spirits Hall there… he would have his spirit ascend ten times!

He would then be an existence who surpassed the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe. In fact, if Su Ming, with his current power, gathered his will and cultivation base together, then he would have reached… a state at which he could stand on equal grounds with the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe. In fact, in some sense, Su Ming had already surpassed the old man.

Su Ming’s expression was calm. He closed his eyes in midair and did not choose to continue having his spirit ascend, because he could feel that he had reached a state of fullness again. He knew that this was his limit as of then. If he went through his sixth spirit ascension, it would be impossible for him to succeed.

If he wanted to succeed again, he needed to return to Arid Triad and turn the Emperor of Abyss’ True World into his own will. With the wills of four True Worlds gathered on his person, Su Ming would have the confidence to go through his sixth and seventh spirit ascensions.

After a long while, Su Ming opened his eyes. There was a sparkle of life in his gaze. All his aura was kept in his body, which made him appear a mortal, but when he stood there, he looked as if the entire world served as a background for him.

In truth, this would not be the only place where this would happen. At that moment, no matter where Su Ming was, the world where he was located would bow down and worship him.

His state of being had already surpassed that of a True World, and he was only second to Arid Triad and Harmonious Morus Alba. Perhaps… there had been quite a number of cultivators who were stronger than Su Ming during the various eras in the passage of time… but besides Arid Triad, there was no other person who could reach Su Ming’s state of being during the countless years the universe had existed. In this aspect, Su Ming was already near the peak.

It would be difficult for him to find an opponent unless he ran into old monsters who had hidden themselves incredibly well in Saint Defier and Dark Dawn. Only they might be able to fight against Su Ming. Besides those select few people, only the powerful warriors of the previous eras who could only wake up one hundred years before the disaster could catch Su Ming’s attention.

Those people had lived for far too long, and their power had accumulated to an incredibly terrifying degree. They were existences who could not be destroyed by the disaster, so only they had the right to be regarded with importance by Su Ming.

After all, Su Ming was now the same as them. They were complete and imperishable even in the face of disaster, but Su Ming did not want to be an existence gasping for the last breaths of his life. He did not want everything by his side to be destroyed, and did not want to roar at the skies while he held a corpse in his arms, just like what the secrets of the universe had showed him. What he wanted was to change all of that.

In silence, Su Ming swung his arm, and the golden light in the sky disappeared. The All Spirits Hall vanished, and the world returned to normal. Su Ming took a step forward with a calm expression. He disappeared from the world, and when he reappeared, he had already returned to True Immortal Sect World.

“It’s time for me to leave this place and return to True Morning Dao World.”

Su Ming lifted his head to look at the direction of Bright Yang Vortex, and when he muttered these words to himself faintly, he took a step forward.

With one step, the True World started rotating in reverse. Since True Immortal Sect World belonged to Su Ming, as long as Su Ming sent his will outwards to any spot in this True World, he would be able to reach the place he wanted in an instant.

He stared at the continuously rotating Bright Yang Vortex before turning into a long arc. He entered the vortex and disappeared without a trace.

Su Ming was so quick while moving through the vortex that he surpassed his previous speed by several times. It could be said that before he entered Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos, while Su Ming was strong, his strength was still limited, but at that moment, he had surpassed his previous self numerous times, regardless of whether it was in terms of his will or his cultivation base. The difference between his current self and past self was like the sky and earth.

If the previous Su Ming ran into a cultivator in Avacaniya Realm, he could fight against them, albeit with great difficulty, but right then… those in Avacaniya Realm were nothing to him.

Only if they were people who had already gained incredibly high attainments in Avacaniya Realm would they be able to make Su Ming slightly serious. An average cultivator in Avacaniya Realm… Well, Su Ming might not have tested it out, but he wondered how many breaths it would take to kill them.

Su Ming kept on charging through the vortex, which did not have any sort of suction force. It did not matter whether it came from above or if it was the mighty pressure from below, for all of them were extremely weak before Su Ming. He did not even need to touch them with his own body. He only needed to have his will spread out from him, and all of it would immediately be crushed and broken down.

In just a few breaths, Su Ming had already closed in on the spot where he had initially stood against the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster. At the instant he passed by the place, he came to a swift stop. He examined the area quietly, and a gloomy look gradually appeared on his face.

He could sense a faint wave of aura of death. It did not belong to the world in the vortex, but to someone Su Ming was familiar with… the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe.

“He failed…”

Su Ming sighed softly. In truth, once he learned of the truth about Arid Triad, he already knew that even if the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe wanted to take revenge on the Arid Disaster, it would be impossible for him to succeed.

As he shook his head, Su Ming turned to leave, but his expression suddenly changed. He lifted his right hand and seized the air towards the vortices on his right. With it, the sky in the vortex that hung over 3000th world instantly turned dark. It was covered by Su Ming’s palm, which now hung above an ocean world. Once the sky turned into Su Ming’s palm, he swiftly seized what was below.

As the ocean shuddered, it instantly broke down to reveal a drop of blood within it. When Su Ming caught it and was about to pull his hand back, a red bolt of lightning swiftly charged down at his palm.

This was the Antecedental Spirit’s disaster. At the moment the red bolt of lightning approached him, Su Ming raised his right index finger and flicked it away. With a loud bang, the lightning bolt crumbled.

Su Ming’s right hand was completely unharmed. When he pulled his arm back from the 3000th world, the drop of blood was completely unharmed while it lay in his palm. Su Ming could sense the mark of life belonging to the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe.

With the drop of blood around, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe would not have truly died. If he fused with his other self in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos, there might be a chance for him to be resurrected.

Su Ming closed his fingers and put away the drop of blood before he turned into a long arc that charged towards Yin Death Vortex. He rushed forward, drawing closer to the exit. Swiftly, he got closer and closer to Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos and True Morning Dao World.
