# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1283

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

As the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei’s voice spread out, quite a large amount of the mighty pressure that had descended in True Morning Dao World scattered. This was the astonishing divine sense formed by the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei’s power of Avacaniya Realm. When it swept past the area, it became a power that could shock all cultivators.

When the cultivators from Dark Dawn felt a bit of the pressure on their bodies lift, zealousness appeared on their faces. They knew that their sovereign was nearby and watching them. They had the confidence that as long as their sovereign was around, there was nothing in the world that could stop them.

All existences were to either die or flee under the mighty pressure of Dark Dawn. They were confident that there was no other choice for any enemy of theirs.

The shocked hearts of the cultivators from Saint Defier also gradually became calm as the pressure on their bodies lessened. They were not from the same camp as Dark Dawn, but they still believed wholeheartedly that the only ones in the world who could fight against Dark Dawn was Saint Defier!

As for the nine white-robed, faceless men, they felt their hearts relax. A ferocious expression replaced their shock, and during that instant, a great power erupted from their bodies, but it was not the power of a cultivation base… but the will of Antecedental Spirits!

They were known as supreme paragons, and their statuses were only second to the Sovereigns of Dawn and Lords Saint Defier. They were… the Antecedental Spirits from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier!

The ten black-robed men beside the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei also felt the pressure on them lighten. Soon, a monstrous cultivation base erupted from their bodies. Those ten people… were each infinitesimally close to Avacaniya Realm!

A cold sneer appeared at the corners of the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei’s lips. He was confident that he was invincible in this True World. Even if he ran into any Antecedental Spirits from Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, he was confident that he could destroy the World, because he was in Avacaniya Realm and because he was the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei!

“You overestimate yourself. Begone from this place. Do not show even a single hint of your aura where I stand, or else no matter who you are and who you are affiliated to, I will not mind having another spirit slave by my side.

“Cultivators of Dark Dawn and Saint Defier, destroy Ninth Summit. I want this sect… to be completely wiped out,” the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei said faintly.

His voice instantly echoed in all of True Morning Dao World, and he placed the wine cup in his left hand by the corner of his lips. There was a hint of arrogance and casualness to him as he took a sip of his wine.

But the instant the small sip of wine entered the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei’s mouth…

Su Ming had a calm look on his face. He did not even cast a glance at the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei in the distance. To him, this so-called Sovereign of Dawn was nothing. He pushed his right hand down again.

The previous push was just Su Ming slightly suppressing the cultivators. Right then, he made True Morning Dao World… heavier by one fold!

The moment he did so, ripples appeared out of nowhere in True Morning Dao World. As they spread out, they filled up all of True Morning Dao World in the blink of an eye… and a presence belonging to another True World instantly descended.

That was True Immortal Sect World!

Su Ming’s suppression was in truth a form of a seal. He sealed the power of the people from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier who surpassed those from Ninth Summit, and the principle of this seal was to make True Morning Dao World heavy. The easiest method to achieve this… was to make another True World appear in this place. Once it fused with True Morning Dao World, it would naturally become heavier.

As True Immortal Sect World descended, muffled booms echoed in space. Ripples spread out, and True Morning Dao World instantly became heavier. This heaviness was difficult to describe with words, but it made all the cultivators from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier to instantly tremble violently. Their bodies sank downwards. Banging sounds rang out continuously from their bodies, and three-tenths of their cultivation bases were instantly suppressed!

That was three-tenths of every single person’s cultivation base, including the nine white-robed, faceless Antecedental Spirits. Under the pressure of the weight, their bodies shuddered, and three-tenths of their wills as Antecedental Spirits were also suppressed!

“Preposterous!”

The Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei’s expression changed, but the moment he opened his mouth, the wine cup in his hand shattered into pieces with a bang. The wine spilled out and levitated in front of him.

The sea of white bones around him shuddered. Signs of it becoming loose appeared, and the ten black-robed men roared together. They shuddered and immediately circulated their cultivation bases to fight against the pressure, but it was useless. Three-tenths of each of their cultivation bases were suppressed.

In shock, the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei had killing intent appear in his eyes. His power in Avacaniya Realm was completely released. It formed a huge whirlwind, and when it rotated around him with loud booms, it spread out in all directions. Wherever it went, all the mighty pressure disappeared, and during that instant, the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei stood up slowly from his seat on the sea of white bones. He swung his right hand, and a bone spear immediately appeared in his hand. Once he held it, his cultivation base erupted from his body again.

“Since you’re asking for death, I will fulfill your wish. Show yourself, you rascal who only knows how to hide!”

As he spoke, the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei took a step forward. Before his foot landed, a white light the color of bone erupted from the bone spear in his right hand, and it immediately covered all of True Morning Dao World. The light spanned an impossible distance while forming an endless amount of bone spears that were impossible to count and which filled every corner of True Morning Dao World. It seemed that if the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei wanted to destroy all the lives in this True World, it would only take a single thought from him.

But right when the Sovereign of Dawn’s foot was about to land, he did not see Su Ming finishing his last push with his right hand with an indifferent expression on his face. The entire process was in truth just Su Ming lifting his right hand and pushing down. At the instant he completed the process, True Sky Hill World descended!

As it went down, ripples surged through True Morning Dao World. They intersected with each other and spread out as forming a huge net that was formed by the fusion of three Great True Worlds. The mighty pressure formed from it was equivalent to three Great True Worlds descending at the same time, and the heaviness was the same.

Almost in an instant, practically all the cultivators from Saint Defier and Dark Dawn coughed up a mouthful of blood. All of them felt as if there were one hundred thousand mountains pushing on them. Their souls were suppressed, causing sixth-tenths of their cultivation bases to become dull, as if they had been sealed. They could only bring out four-tenths of their cultivation bases!

In fact, there were quite a few people who had their levels of cultivation fall, especially the nine white-robed, faceless Antecedental Spirits. As their bodies trembled, their features returned to their blank faces, as if the power that could allow them to cover their faces had been forcibly torn from them.

Since they were Antecedental Spirits, the effects of the mighty pressure on them seemed to be stronger. They coughed up blood and staggered backwards. As they did so, six-tenths of their cultivation bases were suppressed as well.

The ten black-robed people around Yan Pei coughed up blood too. Their levels of cultivation immediately fell, and they exuded a relatively weak presence. They were no exceptions to this. Six-tenths of each of their powers were suppressed.

A trickle of blood flowed out from the Sovereign of Dawn’s mouth. Ruthlessness appeared on his face. He was about to throw the long spear in his hand, but when he was about to put his right foot down and began to speak in a ferocious voice…

“You—”

He only managed to say this one word before his expression changed swiftly. His eyes went wide, and the ruthlessness on his face instantly disappeared. For the first time ever, it was replaced by shock, because at the moment the wills of the three Great True Worlds descended, his body felt as if it had been crushed by something, causing blood to appear at the corners of his lips.

But this was still nothing to him. What really caused the Sovereign of Dawn to feel shocked was how he could sense the gaze looking at him from directly across him in the distance.

That gaze was filled with an aloofness that he had never seen before, and there was an air of nobility that was difficult to describe with words within it. It was the strongest will in the entire True World, and with just one faint glance, he made the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei feel as if his body was about to crumble.

This was a feeling that he had never sensed even when he went to the Deity’s Mausoleum, which was a place where even the Sovereigns of Dawn had to come to worship once every millennium. It was something he only sensed when faced with the three strongest slumbering bodies among all of the others who had existed for an unknown amount of time.

According to the legends of Dark Dawn, the three slumbering people were true old monsters who had survived through the disasters an unknown number of eras ago!

“Sir…” The heart of Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei trembled. His expression was one of shock, and even with his level of control over his emotions, he found it hard to hide it. Just as he was about to speak, a faint voice came from behind him.

“Did you say that I was asking for death just now?”

The voice had appeared incredibly suddenly, making Yan Pei shudder. He was about to explain himself on instinct when the voice spoke again.

“Sit. Stay with me and watch this life and death trial. Your people are pretty good, but the situation is a little unfair.”

“Yes.”

The Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei did not have the right or the courage to refuse. All his thoughts turned into this one word in the end, and it was filled with respect. In fact, he did not even dare to turn his head around. He put away the bone spear, and with his heart pounding in nervousness, he slowly sat down.

The hearts of the ten black-robed men beside the sea of bones shuddered in fear. They retrieved their aura and tried to be as respectful as they could, not daring to sneak a peek in Su Ming’s direction.

Strength was everything!

“But now, it is fair. You can fight now,” Su Ming said calmly and sat on the seat originally belonging to the Sovereign of Dawn on the sea of bones. He leaned back against it, and with his right hand supporting his forehead, he stared at Ninth Summit.

The Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei sat up straight beneath him. Anguish appeared on his face while he stared at the cultivators from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier and mulled over what Su Ming had said. He had already understood that this person wanted to use his people to train those from Ninth Summit.

“Well?” Su Ming cast a glance at the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei.

Yan Pei’s heart shuddered. He sensed the displeasure from the person behind him. He then gritted his teeth and sent his order as the Sovereign of Dawn to the cultivators from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier far in the distance.

“Step into Ninth Summit and fight!”

Roars reverberated through space during that instant. It did not matter whether the cultivators from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier were willing or not, for even if they had six-tenths of their power sealed, the Sovereign of Dawn Yan Pei had already given his order, so they… had to fight!
