# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1290

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The bald crane’s eyes sparkled as if it was looking forward to the day it would turn into a crystal crane. When it recalled how Su Ming had created crystal, the bald crane immediately forgot that it was just an illusion and felt its blood boil, somehow. As its body quivered in its excitement, it began howling.

In the bald crane’s eyes, the Art Su Ming cast just then definitely took the title of the greatest Art in the universe. The ability to create crystals out of thin air was an Art it dreamed of having. To it, this was the greatest divine ability in the universe.

Even Su Ming himself did not know just how great of an impact it had on the bald crane. It was practically a dream come true that could make the bald crane do everything it could to obtain it and fight for it with its life.

Su Ming let out a dry cough. He had intentionally showed this divine ability to the bald crane to appease it, but when he saw just how excited it became, Su Ming had a vague feeling that he had gone overboard. The bald crane had actually requested that he turn it into a crystal crane…

Hence, he quickly averted his gaze and ignored the crane, choosing to direct his attention on the barrier between True Morning Dao World and the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. A piercing light appeared in his eyes.

Su Ming’s eyes shone brilliantly. The bald crane immediately noticed this and cast a glance at the barrier. A thought appeared in its head: The time for it to show its abilities to Su Ming had arrived. As long as Su Ming was happy and created crystals for it every day, it would enjoy the greatest bliss in its life. When it thought of this, the bald crane became excited again, but it forced down its excitement and put on an expression of righteous anger.

“That’s it? How dare it stop Sir Su Ming’s footsteps?! Damn it, how dare it stop the great, the almighty Sir Su Ming who can create crystals?! I… I’ll fight it to the death!”

The bald crane put on an expression as if it was livid, and as it roared, it turned its back to Su Ming while sending eye signals to the Abyss Dragon nonstop. Based on its plan, the Abyss Dragon had to show anger as well, which would make the effects of their actions even better. After all, in the bald crane’s impression, the Abyss Dragon was its lackey and its partner as the Dual Fiends in the past.

The Abyss Dragon was taken aback, then instinctively asked, “What… does this mean?” As it spoke, the Abyss Dragon winked as well, sending the bald crane’s eye signal right back at it.

The Abyss Dragon did not understand what the bald crane meant. It was originally very excited, so why did it suddenly become so angry? The Abyss Dragon shrank back in regard to the bald crane’s changes in expression. It felt that the bald crane was very terrifying.

When they were in the storage, the bald crane had beaten it up every single day to pass time, and the more it thought about it, the more it felt that it could not catch up to the bald crane’s thoughts.

When the bald crane saw the dumb look on the Abyss Dragon’s face, it instantly felt real anger. Just as it was about to shout at the dragon, Su Ming took a step forward and instantly appeared next to the barrier. He lifted his right hand and touched the invisible barrier.

“Shatter.”

The moment Su Ming said that word in a flat tone, his right hand touched the barrier. An astonishingly loud bang instantly reverberated through half of True Morning Dao World.

As that sound traveled outwards, the bald crane gave up on the idea of giving the Abyss Dragon a flak. There was a ferocious look on its face, as if Su Ming only needed to point forward, and it would charge forth without looking back. It rushed at the barrier and crashed into it. To show off its talents so that Su Ming could create crystals for it, the bald crane had indeed decided to give it its all.

But when it touched the barrier… or rather, just before it touched the barrier, the barrier between True Morning Dao World and the Emperor of Abyss’ True World changed. A trembling membrane that looked like there was light flowing in it showed up. When cracking sounds rang out in space, holes spread out through the membrane, starting from where Su Ming’s right hand had touched it.

Su Ming did not move, but his hair fluttered freely. Even his white long robe danced in the wind. His face was indifferent, revealing no emotions.

He calmly watched the cracks spreading through the entire barrier. Soon, it looked like it had turned into a spider’s web. Then, a loud bang shot up, and it shattered to pieces, turning into countless fragments that spilled into the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.

From a distance, they looked like falling snow. The fragments reflected a brilliant light, and when they were in the galaxy, they looked like starlight. At that moment, they were swept up by the wind and created an image of an ocean of stars.

Since the ancient times, only a fine crack would occasionally appear on the barrier between two True Worlds. Not one of them had ever shattered completely like this. Yet on that day, it happened. And it was not a destruction of a small portion of the barrier, since the entire ring-shaped barrier… had shattered in different spots during that instant.

All of this might have seemed to have happened over a long period of time, but in truth, it happened in an instant. When the bald crane charged at the barrier, it did not touch it. Instead, it shot right through the barrier since it crumbled and fell back.

“Let’s go. I’ll give you the same number of crystals you can seize from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.”

A smile appeared on Su Ming’s face when he cast a glance at the bald crane. The bald crane had supported him for a thousand something years, so it could be said that it had already become a part of his family. Su Ming valued his relationships, and it was the same for the one he shared with the bald crane.

When Su Ming’s words reached the bald crane’s ears, it became excited again. While shuddering, it screeched a few sentences, and with a single move, it appeared on the Abyss Dragon’s body. The Abyss Dragon was so terrified that its heart trembled, but soon, the bald crane whispered something to it, and its eyes instantly sparkled.

The light was not the sparkle of the bald crane’s eyes, but was… a light that Su Ming thought gave it a rather sleazy look.

“Boss, is what you just said… real?” the Abyss Dragon was so excited that it trembled when it asked its question.

“Nonsense, of course it’s real. When have I ever lied to you?” the bald crane immediately said, as if it was making a promise.

“Are you really going to let me have all the female dragons? Alright! I’ll give it my all!” The Abyss Dragon’s eyes turned bloodshot. With a roar, it rushed forth with the bald crane, charging straight into the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.

The bald crane made a ruckus in its excitement. When it went past Su Ming, it immediately lifted its claw and waved a little.

“You promised you’ll give me the exact same number of crystals I can get! Just you wait, if even one crystal will be left in this True World, then I suck.”

The bald crane’s voice was still echoing in space when it left into the distance with the Abyss Dragon. It intended to leave Su Ming’s side and loot the crystals itself since it was afraid of him throwing it into his storage bag again…

Su Ming watched the bald crane leave and smiled faintly. He could tell what the bald crane was thinking with just one glance, but with his current level of cultivation, he could let the bald crane cause as much of a ruckus as it wanted, even if it was the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.

Soon, this would no longer be the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, but Su Ming’s True World.

Su Ming still remembered how his will had appeared in Harmonious Morus Alba Expanse Cosmos’ True Immortal Sect World when he entered it. He took a step forward and walked into the territory belonging to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World…

All of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World trembled, and countless ripples appeared out of thin air in the galaxy. At the same time, a roar that all lives in the True World could hear reverberated through the True World.

There was a wave of madness in that roar, along with great terror and an unwillingness to admit defeat. It sounded like there was a life form struggling in the most violent manner before it died. It had a powerful Abyss Death Aura contained in its roars.

This aura was different from the aura of death. There was a hint of sentience to it, along with a feeling that it was decaying, as if it could taint all forms of lives, and it caused all of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World to tremble violently.

Those tremors caused all the lives in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World to feel their hearts tremble. Ferocious beasts unique to only the Emperor of Abyss’ True World that lived on its countless planets threw their heads back and let out shrill roars. They prostrated themselves on the ground as if they could sense death approaching them when the True World trembled.

The cultivators felt it even better. No matter what they were doing and no matter what level of cultivation they had, as long as they were lives born in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, all of them felt restless at that moment. Their cultivation bases became chaotic as if even their blood was about to gush out of their bodies.

The higher their cultivation bases were, the stronger this feeling became.

There were no sects in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, but with various families serving as its veins, they formed a ruling system similar to a dynasty.

Among them, the Emperor of Abyss’ status was the highest. There were eight Kings of Abyss below him, thirty-six Generals of Abyss, which led countless armored cultivators of the Abyssal World. Each King of Abyss had a family, and it was the same case for the Generals of Abyss.

Above the Emperor of Abyss was the True World’s Sublime Paragon. Among the four Great True Worlds, only the Sublime Paragon of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World could make the cultivators of his True World worship him, and only in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World did the Sublime Paragon have his own Abyss Paragon Palace.

Almost at the same time the True World trembled, all the families in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World felt their hearts shudder. There were also quite a large number of powerful warriors who swiftly sent out a powerful presence that swept out in all directions in an attempt to search for the reason behind the True World’s tremors.

Within the Emperor of Abyss’ Hall was the Emperor of Abyss, who was dressed in an emperor’s robe. He was a middle-aged man with an awe-imposing face, and he was staring coldly at some of the cultivators who were mocking each other with their words in his hall. Those people were talking about the large number of cultivators from Dark Dawn and Saint Defier who had appeared in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.

As he listened to those people’s increasingly obvious words of ridicule, the Emperor of Abyss frowned.

“Enough, this is something the Lord Sublime Paragon has decided. What is the use of even discussing this matter?!” he said coldly. Right when his words appeared, the cultivators further down from his throne looked towards him.

“If you have any opinions about it, you can go and seek an audience with the Lord Sublime Paragon. Do not ruin my mood when I am about to bear witness to my son’s marriage!”

The Emperor of Abyss frowned. The person in the hall was his clone while his real body was in the planet serving as the capital of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World watching the grand marriage. At that moment, he did not want to waste any time in this place. He stood up, and when his words rang in the air, he made to leave.

But suddenly, his body trembled. The expressions of the cultivators in the hall also changed. Their hearts shook.

The pain in the soundless roar seemed to have spread into each of the lives in the True World.
