# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 195

The bolt of lightning shone with a blue light, dyeing the entire land in blue. It shone in the eyes of all those who were watching, and even those pairs of eyes were reflecting off a shade of blue.

The blue bolt of lightning that was the breadth of ten feet charged towards He Feng with a boom through the air. It was so quick that it arrived in an instant. But the moment it closed in, Su Ming took a step forward.

He did not take a step towards He Feng’s side, where that bolt of lightning was going. He went instead to the summit of Puqiang Mountain. The moment his foot landed, rumbles reverberated through the air, and the blue bolt of lightning crashed in to He Feng’s body. What little remained of his body instantly turned into ashes, and only his head was left.

He still had his eyes open, and there was a strange shade of grey in his eyes. In his head, the fuzzy orb formed from the herbal aura was rapidly spinning and quickly transitioning from aura to medicinal pill.

The attack from the lightning was not over. It continued crashing downwards with a rumble, as if it wanted to turn what was left of He Feng - his head, into dust before it would stop.

It was also at that moment that Su Ming stepped onto the mountain rock on the summit of Puqiang Mountain. He did not stop for even a moment. The instant he landed, while he might not have Qi in his body, an even stronger power erupted from his body and traveled into Puqiang Mountain from his feet.

A tremor abruptly shook the mountain, and muffled rumbles traveled out, but the rumbles were drowned out by the lightning and no one could hear them.

As the mountain trembled, shock spread through the people of Puqiang Tribe. They did not dare move from their kneeling positions. This scene was akin to the earth moving and mountain shaking. It was as if the mountain itself was about to crumble under Su Ming’s power.

Right after that, the mountain trembling furiously, a lot of aura of death was forced out of the bottom of the mountain, tumbling upwards.

Shrill cries came from the wronged souls. They spread out from the mountain as they swarmed forth with the aura of death.

Time was running out. Su Ming did not have the luxury and method to think through all of this carefully. However, with the Branding Art, he could see that lightning fell from the sky because there were faint lightning sparks that the eye could not see covering the land like a flood. These lightning sparks looked as if they possessed life. They longed to come into contact with lighting, and that bolt of lightning had the same desire.

That was why as the lightning sparks that covered the land and could not be seen with the naked eye followed after the cloud like a shadow, lightning would be drawn towards the mountains and the tall trees.

Due to some unknown reason, He Feng’s body had caused the lightning sparks that could not be seen with the naked to surge towards him, going into his body and covering him with it, causing him to be the most attractive object on the entire land during that one instant!

Su Ming did not know the reason behind it, but he knew that before He Feng had absorbed the aura of death, his corpse had not possessed this quality. The only hope and clue he had managed to capture was that He Feng could draw in the bolts of lightning and cause the lightning sparks that could not be seen with the naked eye to surge into his body was due to the existence of the aura of death!

Su Ming did not know what laws of nature were in this, but the moment the large amount of aura of death surged forth from under Puqiang Mountain, he lifted his right foot and stomped on the mountain once again.

The moment his foot landed, the mountain rumbled and shook once again. The Elder, tribe leader, and all the people of Puqiang Tribe by their side were all pale, but they did not dare try to stop him.

No one dared to stop Su Ming, because in their eyes, Su Ming’s entire body was enveloped in that black mist armor, his hair was floating even without the presence of wind. An incredible pressure and mighty presence exuded from his body.

He was no longer the same unknown entity as before he had challenged the Chains of Han Mountain. At this moment, he was one of the Divine Generals of Awakening of the Berserker Tribe who obtained the acknowledgement of the deity statue of Awakening!

"What is Lord Divine General doing..?"

"The Lord has already Awakened. He needs to refine his Origin Vessel. Could he be doing all this for his Origin Vessel?"

"I wonder what is Lord Divine General’s Origin Vessel… How would it look like?!"

The people in Han Mountain City whispered amongst themselves. Their gazes as they looked towards Puqiang Mountain were filled with deep reverence and eagerness.

They longed to know how Su Ming’s Origin Vessel would look like and yearned to learn how his Berserker Mark would appear like!

"Lord Divine General Mo Su’s Origin Vessel would definitely be extraordinary!" the Elder of Tranquil East Tribe mumbled while looking respectfully towards Su Ming standing on the mountain in the distance from Tranquil East Tribe.

Fang Shen did not speak. His face was illuminated by the blue light from the bolt of lightning. Excitement filled his face. He was still absorbed in the moment Su Ming Awakened and found it hard to recover from that scene.

"Si Ma Xin’s Origin Awakening Vessel was a strange seven colored mountain in the world. This treasure is incredibly famous in Freezing Sky Clan and is known to be a supreme Awakening treasure… I wonder what Mo Su’s Awakening treasure is…"

Han Cang Zi bit her bottom lip and her heart started to race uncontrollably.

The same question appeared on Lake of Colors Mountain. Yan Luan did not know that Su Ming she had to look at respectfully now was someone she had met before in the isolation grounds of Han Mountain’s ancestor. She had fought against him for a short while, and had even considered taking him as her mate.

If she knew of all these, her terror would be incredibly great…

"Could his Origin Vessel be like…"

The old woman by Yan Luan’s side frowned with uncertainty. Her eyes fell on the blue bolt of lightning still crashing down by Su Ming’s side. Gradually, disbelief and inconceivability gradually appeared in her eyes.

"Could it be..? This… This is rather impossible…" the old woman mumbled.

As Su Ming took a step forward, Puqiang Mountain trembled furiously and an even greater amount of aura of death surged forth from the bottom of the mountain. The auragathered together, and the shrill cries coming from the wronged souls could be heard from within.

Su Ming lifted his head. The black mist armor that covered his body made him look like a fiend. He lifted his right hand and grabbed at the air. A strong absorption force spread out from inside his body. That absorption happened because there were no longer any blood veins in him, but he had the power of Awakening’s Qi within him. That power turned into a vortex that continued spinning incessantly as Su Ming manipulated it with fine control.

The vortex was inside his body. As Su Ming grabbed at the air with his right hand, the aura of death swimming around the area charged towards him. In an instant, it surrounded his body. Some of it even crawled into his body and fused with him.

Before he Awakened, even if Su Ming could do this, his body would not be able to withstand so much aura of death unless he had practiced related Berserker Arts, else he would simply turn into a corpse.

Yet right now, Su Ming had Awakened. There were no blood veins in his body. His Qi gushed out from all parts of his body. There was a difference of power of two different Realms within him. Even if some of the aura of death was not absorbed, he could still instantly make it scatter.

Right at the moment the aura of death enveloped Su Ming’s body, he saw with the Branding Art that some of the lightning sparks that could not be seen with the naked eye rushing towards He Feng’s head had suddenly stopped and changed direction. They charged towards him.

The moment he saw this, Su Ming’s eyes brightened up.

‘I was right!’

It was just as he had expected. The lightning sparks that could not be seen with the naked eye were attracted by the aura of death.

In an instant, some of the lightning sparks that could not be seen by the naked eye closed in on Su Ming. Some of them covered his body, while others fused into him, just like what the aura of death had done.

It was also at that moment, before Su Ming even had time to observe it carefully, that two lightning arcs split off from the blue bolt of lightning descending down towards He Feng. They looked as if they were attracted by something and abruptly broke off from the bolt of lightning that was ten feet in breadth and charged towards Su Ming.

The two blue lightning arcs followed one after another, and in the blink of an eye, the first lightning arc closed in and crashed into Su Ming’s body. He trembled and, without any hesitation, moved backwards.

His body felt a little numb. Tiny lightning arcs swam across his entire body, but his eyes grew brighter. The second lightning arc was already close and was about to hit him. Su Ming moved back at full speed.

His heart raced against his chest. During that instant, he saw some parts governing the rules of lightning falling clearly, but the other parts remained clouded. As he retreated, a glint appeared in his eyes, and he immediately came to a stop. At that moment, the second lighting arc closed in and crashed into his body.

He trembled. His Qi rocked within his body, and the numbness made him feel as if he had lost all sense of pain. There was a powerful force in the bolts of lightning, forcing Su Ming to stagger a few hundred feet back.

However, his eyes only became brighter. He fully understood it now!

He saw a lot of aura of death disappearing once it had drawn the lightning sparks that could not be seen with the naked eye surging into his body and around him. At the same time, he saw another lightning glow that he had overlooked previously.

Compared with the lightning glow that covered the land, this was a different lightning spark. It may have looked the same, but Su Ming could sense that they were clearly different.

‘One of them comes from the ground, so I’ll call them Earthen Lightning. The other comes from the void, so I’ll call them Void Lightning!’

He could not explain it, all of this was just a vague feeling he had. He clearly saw that when his body was enveloped by the lightning sparks from the earth, the second Void Lightning from the sky that was similarly not visible to the naked eye and could only be seen vaguely if he observed it carefully using the Branding Art came charging towards him.

With his body as the center, when the Earthen Lightning and Void Lightning crashed into each other, Su Ming’s entire body became numb. It was also during that time that the second lightning arc crashed into him.

‘I understand now! This is lightning! I only noticed a part of it before, but the true reason as to why lightning attacks is due to Earthen Lightning and Void Lightning coming into contact. When these two lightning sparks that can’t be seen with the naked eye touch, then we will see the bolts of lightning that shake the world appear!

‘If I can create this cycle within my body and make these lightning sparks, then I’m confident I’ll be able to fuse lightning into my body with the Awakening Qi I have now and refine my Origin Awakening Vessel!

‘If I’m successful… then my Origin Vessel will continue to become stronger, and lightning will be my enchanted Vessel!’

Desire appeared in Su Ming’s eyes.
