# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1101

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Morning Dao Sect disciples, stand down and sit!” Sect Master Yue said in a low voice. Yet it was like a thunderous roar, causing the Morning Dao Sect disciples whose cultivation bases had erupted and who were prepared to help Su Ming to fall silent. In a moment, they returned to the Azure Dragon’s continent.

The nine million cultivators on the nine continents in the area below were also forced to a stop. They glared at the area above them and returned to their own stone platforms.

It was also during this moment that the circle formed by the one thousand Abyss Dragons started shrinking around Su Ming in the center. The speed of it was so quick that they rushed at him in the blink of an eye.

As they closed in, a gigantic, illusory dragon head took shape. Roaring, it gathered together the power of the one thousand Abyss Dragons and their burning souls. With a vast amount of life force, it charged towards Su Ming with loud booming sounds.

This was the power which erupted from the one thousand Abyss Dragons once they fused together and had all their cultivation bases as well as their power gather together. In fact, under the order of the third prince of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, an invisible flame had lit up in the Abyss Dragons’ souls as well as their cultivation bases.

This was them burning their lives to have their greatest power erupt. Once they executed this attack, then even without receiving any attack, they would only have a few days left to live.

However, with this sort of price, they could use power which could even shock the heavens. In fact, this power would surpass even the one blow delivered simultaneously by one thousand cultivators in the later stage of World Plane Realm after they burned their lives!

After all, Abyss Dragons were not cultivators. They also possessed great physical strength.

If Su Ming had not gone through the trial of the Dynasts, then besides summoning the fifth kiln, he would not have had any other method to deal with this attack. He felt that this attack was just slightly weaker than the Ancient God’s punch he’d faced in the battlefield.

However, since Su Ming had gone through the trial, blood-red light shone in his eyes. At the instant the huge dragon head formed by the shocking power came forth, he turned around without any hesitation so that his back was towards the incoming dragon head. He raised his right hand, and with the exact same motion of Dao Ocean’s Predecessor when he controlled the body during the trial, he struck his chest with his right hand.

The instant he struck was the same moment the gigantic dragon head behind him crashed into his body. With it as the conduit, their blows landed at the same time, and a loud, booming sound rose into the sky.

Su Ming jolted. He coughed up a mouthful of blood, while he gigantic dragon head behind him shuddered violently. Roars reverberated in the air, and the dragon head shattered into pieces. This was due to the rebounding force from Su Ming’s still, stable body. The tremors had even caused the connection between the one thousand Abyss Dragons to disintegrate.

They all fell backwards. They roared in pain, and then their bodies shattered at the same time. Wounds tore through their bodies, and in the end… their flesh, blood, and bones were separated from each other, just like what had happened to the Abyss Dragon in Mastery Realm. The flesh and blood of the one thousand Abyss Dragons exploded as they were forced back, and with only their skeletal frames left, they fell from the sky.

A thick, bloody stench filled the area. The expression of the crazed Su Ming twisted, and his eyes grew even more bloodshot. As most of the people in the area watched in shock, he sucked in a sharp breath.

Immediately, the endless flesh and blood in the area charged towards him where they disappeared into a gigantic vortex which had suddenly appeared before the crimson-haired person.

In the depths of the vortex was the Abyss Dragon belonging to Yu Xuan which had turned into a big dog in Su Ming’s storage bag. At that moment, it shuddered, and with the same madness as Su Ming’s in its eyes, it continuously sucked in the vast amount of flesh and blood.

As Abyss Dragons, they were existences who became stronger by devouring each other. However, this act of devouring each other was strictly prohibited in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. Any Abyss Dragon who did it would be killed straight away.

However, at that moment, the dragon in the storage bag no longer belonged to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, and it no longer cared!

Its wounds instantly recovered. Its cultivation base also continuously erupted, and it rose straight into Lunar Kalpa Realm from its previous level of cultivation before it reached a breakthrough and arrived in Solar Kalpa Realm. It might not have attained great completion, but it was enough to make it feel as if it had been reborn.

“I too… have an Abyss Dragon!”

Su Ming swung his arm, and a loud dragon’s roar came from the vortex. It was the voice of the Abyss Dragon which belonged to Yu Xuan and also to Su Ming. It rushed out from the vortex. When it threw its head back and roared, a huge sun appeared behind it!

At the instant the Abyss Dragon appeared, another Abyss Dragon also shot out from the vortex with a roar. This Abyss Dragon was clearly much bigger than the first, but it had not a hint of imposing might in its eyes, only a sleazy look, making it clear… that this Abyss Dragon was what the bald crane had transformed into because it did not want to be left out of the limelight.

The two Abyss Dragons floated by Su Ming, their roars shaking the sky and earth. With one move, Su Ming turned into a long arc and charged towards the Vermilion Bird’s continent. This scene shocked all the people in the area. It also caused the heart of the third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World to tremble. As his expression twisted, he growled.

“Cultivators from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, what are you waiting for?! I’m ordering you now! Without regard for cost, no matter whether you are going to summon the Progenitor of our world or the Abyssal Nightmare by sacrificing your flesh and blood, kill him!”

“Dao Kong, what are you doing?!” Sect Master Ri shouted towards Su Ming. He lifted his foot, but just as he was about to take a step forward to put a stop to everything, Old You and Ming laughed long and hard from the White Tiger’s continent.

“Such a conceited and mad person is not suited to be a Dynast in Morning Dao Sect. Since you do not clear your trash from your sect, then let the both of us help you deal with it.”

Old You and Ming, the two old men who were so old that they looked as if they could not even open their eyes, chortled and jumped into the air. Their terrifying cultivation erupted with a bang from their bodies.

“Fellow Daoists from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, we will help you kill this person!” With a loud roar, the two old men charged towards Su Ming.

Sect Master Yue’s foot stopped for a moment as his expression turned dark. He did not move forward.

“Haha! Thank you, Seniors You and Ming. I will certainly tell my Lord Father exactly what happened, and I will naturally repay you in the future.” The third prince’s spirits were lifted. He forced down the terror in his heart and stared at Su Ming with a ferocious expression.

“Huo Kui!”

The crimson-haired Su Ming charged forward with madness in him. At that moment, there was only Yu Xuan in his eyes. At the instant he spoke, ripples immediately appeared in the air. Flame Fiends’ Progenitor stepped out of thin air. When he raised his right hand, the flames belonging to him instantly spread out with a bang. When they swept out in all directions, they formed one hundred thousand fireballs that swept towards the incoming cultivators from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.

“Zhu You Cai!”

Su Ming seized the air with his right hand, and the Life Inequity Spear appeared in it. Once he released his grip, the spear plunged down, and an arm instantly shot out from the air to seize it. Zhu You Cai’s plump body walked out of thin air as well.

He sighed in his heart, and his huge body instantly started shrinking. In the blink of an eye, he turned into a middle-aged man with an imposing face. He tightened his grip around the Life Inequity Spear, then with a single step forward, he charged towards Old You and Ming.

“Life Inequity Spear… you…”

“Chang He, you’re really the War Immortal Chang He!”

Old You and Ming’s expressions changed swiftly. Besides searching for Dao Kong, they had also come to Morning Dao Sect with another task, and that was… to find True Sacred Yin World’s War Immortal Chang He, their Sublime Paragon’s disciple who was mentioned by the middle-aged man in Life Realm when he returned from the camp stationed in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence!

“Chang He died in the fifth kiln. I… am Zhu You Cai!”

Zhu You Cai’s eyes fell shut before he opened them once more. The power of those nearly in Death Realm erupted from his body with a bang, and he charged straight towards Old You and Ming.

When he appeared as Zhu You Cai, his power would occasionally be weak, while at other times it would strong. However, when he adopted this form, he would never be the person who the middle-aged man from the camp of True Sacred Yin World thought possessed only Chang He’s will. Instead… he would become the War Immortal who had truly attained great completion in Life Realm, and who had taken half a step into Death Realm!

However, during that moment, the War Immortal no longer belonged to True Sacred Yin World, but because of a promise, he had come to Su Ming’s side!

Boom!

The battle shocked the heavens!

With Zhu You Cai holding back Old You and Ming, Flame Fiends’ Progenitor killing the cultivators from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon’s roars echoing towards the heavens, Su Ming turned into a long arc. Filled with madness and killing intent that seemed to be able to crush the air, he rushed towards the Vermilion Bird’s continent… straight towards the third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World who had injured Yu Xuan!

When the woman saw Su Ming coming towards them, a smile appeared on her face, and as she smiled, tears fell from her eyes. She knew. She always knew that Su Ming had not died.

She also knew that she would one day meet him, that there was still a possibility for them to see each other. Such things had only belonged to Yu Xuan’s dreams before, but now… they had become true.

“It’s you! You’re not Dao Kong! You’re Su Ming, the one from the land of Berserkers within True Morning Dao Sect’s Yin Death Region! You’re the Su Ming who that b*tch Yu Xuan got to know in the land of Berserkers! You’re not Dao Kong!”

If the third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World still did not understand this by then, then he would have lived his life in vain.

At the instant his voice traveled outward, the crimson-haired Su Ming had already closed in, and with one punch forward, the world roared!

A screen of light spread out from the body of the third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, and it looked like a huge, overturned bowl had been placed on him. The color of the screen of light was black, and waves of the Aura of Abyss spread out from it. A mighty pressure which could suffocate people came from the screen.

This mighty pressure surpassed those in Death Realm!

This was… the light of protection formed by the third prince’s father, the Emperor of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.

A loud bang shot up.

Su Ming’s fist landed on the screen of light. A powerful rebound forced Su Ming to fall back. As he coughed up blood, the air around the screen distorted. Four figures who clearly had been hiding all this while turned into four long arcs that charged towards the withdrawing Su Ming with strong killing intent.
