# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1102

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The four figures were incredibly quick, and their power, which swirled around them, made it possible for the others to tell that two of them were in Mastery Realm and two in Fate Realm. One of them was even a cultivator who had mastered his own laws of fate.

No matter which True World they entered, such four people would be incredibly famous. When the four of them were together, their presence was like that of a tidal wave that was difficult for others to ignore.

However, the four of them had chosen to hide themselves. Even when the Abyss Dragon in Mastery Realm was killed and the one thousand Abyss Dragons died, even when the cultivators from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World died with shrill screams under Flame Fiends’ Progenitor’s sea of fire, the four had remained composed and hid around the third prince, waiting for Su Ming’s arrival. Only at the instant the screen of light appeared and Su Ming was bounced off that they launched a fatal attack.

Su Ming fell back. While his Qi and blood were still tumbling about, the long arcs had already closed in on him. The four aloof gazes and four great waves of killing intent of the four middle-aged men turned into four divine abilities filled with the Aura of Abyss that instantly rushed towards Su Ming.

He could not dodge. It was impossible even to consider. The laws in the area had changed. The area around felt as if it had been separated, isolated. All of Su Ming’s retreat paths were sealed off, and since his Qi and blood were still tumbling about, he was in a death trap that would be fatal in most cases.

The third prince laughed madly while Yu Xuan bit down on her bottom lip. The firm look in her eyes seemed to have turned into words in her heart; she reminded herself continuously that the man before her eyes could bring forth a miracle.

Bang!

Su Ming trembled. Even his powerful physical body was injured gravely when the four people attacked together. When he coughed up blood, his body fell back, but as he did so, the four people smiled coldly and moved forward once more. They once again launched an attack together.

“Kill him, extract his soul! I want him to see how I will ravish this b*tch!” When he felt that he was no longer exposed to any danger and that victory was in his grasp, the third prince raised his right hand and slapped Yu Xuan fiercely behind the screen of light.

“B*tch, he’s Su Ming, right?! He’s that Su Ming you got to know in the land of Berserkers, right?! But so what if he appeared?! So what if he is incredibly powerful?!

“You b*tch, that Su Ming you met in the land of Berserkers is a foolish lunatic! If he had stayed obediently in Morning Dao Sect with his name hidden, I might have never found him, but now?! So foolish!” The third prince laughed loudly.

The entire area had descended into a strange silence. Besides the battle in the sky, the image of the third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World from before and as of right then was in the eyes of all the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect. It manifested in the form of silence.

It was especially so for Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing, who had grim expressions which had never appeared on their faces before.

“Foolish, huh?” As Su Ming fell backwards, with his bloodshot eyes, he saw Yu Xuan cup her cheek. Blood trickled down the corner of her lips. His soul burned. Everything about him was boiling. As he mumbled, an extremely thick destructive power erupted furiously with a bang from his body.

At the instant the presence longing to destroy all lives in the universe erupted from him, on an altar formed by countless Runes which were fragmented continents incredibly far away but still in True Morning Dao World that was under the Immortals’ Union’s jurisdiction at the moment… was Su Ming’s physical body. It was trembling furiously.

…..

What could be known as acting in a manner when one flung all caution to the wind?

What could be considered as not caring about any consequences?

There were times when madness could be used to describe it, but there was another word that was much stronger than that one and could be used to perfectly describe the source of a person not caring about all consequences.

And that was… care!

When care was shown to a certain thing or person, then due to their care for them, the person could overturn the universe, stopping at nothing!

For certain people, those things they cared about could not be touched under any circumstances!

“Foolish, huh? Perhaps… I am not an incredibly smart person. So what if I exposed myself? So what if I revealed everything?”

The red in Su Ming’s eyes gradually disappeared. His crimson hair slowly turned normal. He regained his rationality, but in his heart, care that was several times greater than the madness he felt when his hair was crimson arose.

In all his life, there were only a few people that he cared about in his life. From the moment she kissed him all those years ago, Yu Xuan’s image was etched deep in his heart, and she became one of the few people he cared about.

‘She likes me… If I can’t even protect her, then is there still any worth even if I come to Morning Dao Sect?

‘There are few people in our lives who we need to treat like an obsessions and for whom we can give up on everything without any hesitation!

Steadfastness… Steadfastness… The red in Su Ming’s eyes might have disappeared, but it was replaced by firm steadfastness. It filled Su Ming’s heart, causing him to feel as if a barrier had been broken at that instant. As it shattered, the Three Mountains Illuminate the Moon appeared swiftly in the sky behind Su Ming, right before all of the cultivators’ eyes. It happened without Su Ming intentionally summoning it.

The gigantic moon shone with a tri-colored light, causing all the cultivators in the area to suck in sharp breaths, especially the four people who closed in on Su Ming. Almost at the instant they executed their attack once more, an aura that erupted from Su Ming’s body swept out in all directions. Once it crashed into the four, it forced them back continuously. Their expressions instantly changed drastically, and disbelief appeared on their faces!

“The power of manifesting Mastery Realm! This is the power of the world that every Almighty will stir up when their manifesting the power of Mastery Realm!”

“This person… the strength he showed previously had far surpassed those in Mastery Realm, so how is it possible that he’s now manifesting the power of Mastery Realm?!”

“Lunar Kalpa Realm! He wasn’t a cultivator in Mastery Realm! He was in Lunar Kalpa Realm! Such a huge moon… What cultivation method is he practicing?! How could he fight against the Almighties when he’s just in Lunar Kalpa Realm?!”

The four people’s breathing quickened. When they fell back, they could not hide the shock on their faces, because amid the disbelief in the depths of their hearts at that moment, an idea that brought fear had arisen.

‘He could fight against Almighties when he was just in Lunar Kalpa Realm. If this person were to reach Mastery Realm… then how strong would he be?!’

During that moment, the four people weren’t the only ones who reacted like that. Even the pupils of Old You and Ming—who were hesitant in their actions when they fought against Zhu You Cai—shrunk in surprise.

Reverend Zi Long from the Fourth True World stood up swiftly with disbelief on his face. His breathing quickened. Only at that moment did he realize swiftly that Su Ming… was just in Lunar Kalpa Realm! Su Ming had not hidden his level of cultivation and only showed the power belonging to those in Lunar Kalpa Realm, but was really just in Lunar Kalpa Realm!

A bright light flashed in the eyes of the old man in blue beside Reverend Zi Long. When he stared at Su Ming, strong praise and admiration were in his gaze.

There might be some people who had seen Su Ming’s moon before in Morning Dao Sect, but at that moment, the aura spreading out from his body much increasing with an astonishing speed!

The three Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing cast each other glances, and each of them saw a look of interest in the others’ eyes.

‘In just Lunar Kalpa Realm, he could fight against the Almighties. If this person reaches Mastery Realm…’ The three people’s breathing quickened at the same time, and the light in their eyes immediately reached a dazzling degree.

“Dynast Dao Kong!”

The Morning Dao Sect disciples on the Azure Dragon’s continent might have been a little uncertain due to the third prince’s words previously, but at that moment, someone immediately began shouting with force and vigor.

Once the people heard his voice, all the cultivators on the Azure Dragon’s continent and the nine million in the area beneath shouted one after another, and slowly, their voices fused together, turning into a wave of sound that surged to the skies and reverberated in the air.

“Dynast Dao Kong!!”

“Dynast Dao Kong!!!”

The voices continued echoing in the air. They formed an astonishing roar that shook the sky. The weather changed, and wind swept out in all directions. Su Ming threw his head back and let out a long howl like never before. It shocked all the cultivators in the area.

As he howled, the huge moon behind him crumbled with a bang. As it did so, its countless fragments gathered together once more. As they grouped, they formed… a gigantic, peerless sun that was unprecedented and would most likely never be seen again by the people in the future. It was so huge that it far surpassed the sun possessed by all other cultivators in Solar Kalpa Realm!

It still shone with three colors. The crazed red, the sacred gold, and the chilling gray caused the sun to become the ultimate sight in the eyes of all the people in the area.

The Three Mountains Illuminating the Moon also turned into… the Three Mountains Shining on the Sun!

“Protect… care…”

Su Ming’s figure was within the peerless sun. The strength of his erupted power shook the sky, and understanding appeared in his head.

He had been able to reach a breakthrough in his level of cultivation because the ability to care was a form of power. It would fuel his desire to protect and become a madness that could destroy everything.

This was a form of epiphany, a sediment that had laid in Su Ming’s heart after all his changes of heart. It was… a form of power that allowed him to marginally understand Su Xuan Yi’s form of protection at that moment.

‘The source of power does not come from the universe or nothingness, neither does it come from the worlds outside… Borrowing the power from the things around us just leads to using external power in the end…

‘True power comes from the heart and mind itself. It comes from the person.

‘It’s just like how we need our own will to not allow our power to spread outwards instead of using some from external sources. It’s just like how we need our own bodies to form rebounds instead of using the power from external sources.

‘True power, the true Great Dao… Perhaps the celestial origin from Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos is also like that, but no matter what it is, in the end, the path all of us take to obtain true power is of training our own minds and souls!’

Su Ming finally understood.

At the instant he came to an epiphany, an even more powerful wave of power erupted from his body with a bang. This eruption of his cultivation base caused the sun that had just been formed to instantly look as if it was about to melt. At the same time, the presence of those belonging to Mastery Realm radiated off him!

“Mastery Realm manifests a palm… because the palm symbolizes a full grasp of something, but the palm is also protection. To use the hand to protect… what is important is in the palm…” Su Ming mumbled.

As he did so, his real physical body lying on the altar surrounded by the fragmented continents in the territory of the Immortals’ Union… furled his hand into a fist!
