# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1103

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“The power to manifest Mastery Realm!”

An uproar immediately broke out in the area. All the cultivators who saw the scene were shocked, especially the disciples of Morning Dao Sect. Their spirits were lifted, and they continued shouting Dao Kong’s name. Their voices traveled in all directions.

“All Almighties who step into Mastery Realm will have the power of manifesting Mastery Realm descend on them from the heavens. With this sort of power, even those in Death Realm will not be able to inflict even the slightest bit of damage to them.

“At this moment, all Almighties are protected!”

The Almighties who were retreating before Su Ming had shock hidden on their sullen faces. When they retreated, they immediately began communicating with each other with divine thoughts.

“Damn it, how could he suddenly reach a breakthrough and become an Almighty at this moment?! I thought he had long since become a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death based on his physical body and his combat abilities!”

“We can’t fight against a person like this, but he can’t walk away from the power of the world descending on him either. Only when he manifests the fingers and palm and completely enters Mastery Realm will he able to move.”

“Let’s accumulate power. We will wait for him to come out, and at that moment, he will die!”

The four people gritted their teeth while staring at Su Ming. Killing intent was evident on their faces, and their auras continued growing in power. Even though they were wary of what Su Ming’s power would become when he stepped into Mastery Realm, they were four people and old monsters who had been in Mastery Realm for years. They had a certain amount of confidence that they could be able to kill him.

After all, in their eyes, no matter how strong Su Ming became, he would have only just reached Mastery Realm. Killing him when his foundation was not strong enough was not impossible.

They were not the only ones who stopped fighting. Old You and Ming as well as Zhu You Cai parted and looked towards Su Ming who was enveloped in a gigantic vortex with waves of strong, mighty pressure spreading out from him. He seemed to have fused with the universe.

Light flashed even in the eyes of Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing when all of them looked over simultaneously.

Yu Xuan stared at Su Ming with his head back and roaring from the vortex. There was a smile on her face, and a hint of pride within it. She was proud for Su Ming’s achievements.

The third prince’s expression was dark and gloomy. In his eyes was strong jealousy. He longed to move into the ranks of Almighties, so when he saw Su Ming entering Mastery Realm, a cold and sinister light danced in his eyes.

Under the gazes of all those around since even all that fighters had fallen into dead silence, Su Ming could feel his power increasing at an extremely terrifying pace.

The gigantic sun which had just been formed behind him swiftly melted as the cultivation base in him erupted. As it did so, it gradually shrank. From the distance, the sun looked as if it had turned into a huge fist.

At the same time, almost at the instant the fist-like sun stopped melting, Su Ming’s continuously increasing power came to a swift halt. It looked as if it had crashed into an invisible wall.

At the instant Su Ming’s whole body shuddered, the several people who were staring at Y Xuan immediately focused back on him.

“He’s starting to manifest his fingers. Breaking through Solar Kalpa Realm and stepping into Mastery Realm requires a person to manifest the fingers of a hand. Based on the different levels of potential and the power accumulated, the fingers manifested end up different.”

“That’s right. The three of us only managed to manifest four and a half fingers in the past, and that was already an unprecedented matter in Morning Dao Sect. It’s not as if there are no people who have managed to manifest all five fingers the moment they stepped into Mastery Realm, but their number is far too small. There are a handful of such people over the course of tens of thousands of years in a True World.”

“I wonder how many fingers Dao Kong will manifest.”

Morning Dao Sect’s Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing cast each other glances as they communicated with divine thoughts.

Old You and Ming from True Sacred Yin World sneered. With their levels of cultivation, they were only slightly wary of Chang He. As for Su Ming, since they dared come, it clearly meant that they were not worried about him. They naturally had methods to deal with the fifth kiln, which was why when they saw Su Ming manifesting his fingers, they could still smile coldly.

“This boy will only have three fingers. That will be his limit!”

When one of the two old men said that, a long string of laughter came from the Fourth True World. The voice of the old man in blue also reverberated in the air amid that laughter.

“Why don’t we make a bet? I bet that this Dao Kong will manifest more than the three fingers you speak of. Do you dare make that bet?”

Old You and Ming turned around and looked towards the old man in blue from the Fourth True World. Their expressions were slightly dark, but there was wariness hidden behind it as well. They let out cold harrumphs.

At the instant all sorts of expressions appeared on the faces of the people, a shocking rumble came from Su Ming. His expression distorted. He felt as if there was a wall in his way, and if he did not breakit, then it would be difficult for him to step into Mastery Realm. With a glint in his eyes, he had his cultivation base erupt and form an indescribable wave of impact that swept up all the power in his body and charged against the invisible wall.

Sound that shook the sky spread out in all directions. Under that wave of impact, Su Ming could clearly feel signs of the invisible wall cracking. After a moment, booming sounds surged into the air, and the wall shattered. At the instant it did so, Su Ming’s cultivation base rose madly once more.

His long hair danced in the air, and a powerful light shone in his eyes. The area around him distorted. The vortex formed by the power of the universe descending in the area spread out. At the same time as Su Ming’s cultivation base erupted from his body, the gigantic sun behind him extended a finger as if it was a fist!

The first finger appeared!

A power that was much stronger than before swept out from Su Ming’s body. When it spread out, a deafening rumble shot into the air. Su Ming turned his head around and cast his gaze at the Vermilion Bird’s continent beneath him, where the sullen third prince was enveloped by a screen of light.

A ruthless glare shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He raised his right hand and pointed at the Vermilion Bird’s continent.

Booming sounds surged into the sky, and Su Ming’s vortex immediately roared. The shadow of a fingertip manifested within it before stretching into a huge finger. It was several thousands of feet big, and at the instant it appeared, it gained complete, corporeal form. Not a hint of it being a mere illusion could be detected.

The huge finger was the first finger Su Ming had manifested among in Mastery Realm. He was not in a hurry to open all five fingers though and attacked.

As he pointed forward, the huge finger charged towards the Vermilion Bird’s continent with a loud roar. It was so fast that an arc which seemed like it was formed when air had erupted appeared in front of the finger. That arc even showed signs of burning, as if there was a barrier, and the finger wanted to pierce through it.

In the face of the power from that one finger, a cold sneer appeared on the third prince’s lips. It was full of derision. He naturally knew that when the power of the universe descended, no one could hurt Su Ming, but Su Ming could also not go through the power of the universe and attack others.

This was the rule, the law. It was something that no one could change.

Because of that, the act of sending the finger was incredibly ludicrous to him. However, the instant that mocking look appeared on his face, it was replaced by disbelief.

The expression of all the people in the area also changed, including those of Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing, Old You and Ming, Reverend Zi Long, and the old man in blue who had remained composed during the whole affair.

Everyone’s pupils shrank at that instant.

Because… as that huge finger from Su Ming scrapped against the power of the universe, becoming slower as if unable to penetrate through the invisible power to bring forth the destruction it wanted, the slightly larger of the two Abyss Dragons let his eyes wander. All the people who fell into its line of vision felt as if the items in their storage bags had been seen through…

That Abyss Dragon let out a fake cough, cursed under its breath, lifted its claw, seized the air in front of it gently, and immediately, the power of the universe surrounding the large finger belonging to Su Ming and preventing it from moving forward… vanished.

At the instant it disappeared, the finger shot out with a bang, and with a speed even faster than before, it charged forward with a crazed desire to destroy the world—straight towards the third prince enveloped by the screen of light.

“This is impossible!”

Even with their level of cultivation and ability to compose themselves, Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing were stunned at that moment. There was no need to even talk about other people.

It was especially so for the four Almighties who protected the third prince. The four of them had been gathering their strength when the sudden change in circumstances caused their expressions to change drastically. They were the third prince’s guards, and they could not allow anyone to touch the third prince before them, or else it would show their incompetence and what would await them would be the punishment from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World.

Without any hesitation, the four of them acted as one and turned into four long arcs which charged against Su Ming’s huge finger rushing towards the third prince.

A loud bang shot up in the air, and it stirred up a powerful wave of impact from the spot where they came into contact with the finger. That wave of impact charged in all directions with loud, booming sounds. Ripples spread out, and a large number of cracks appeared in the air. As Su Ming’s finger flashed a few times, it gradually disappeared from the people’s sight.

However, the price for causing Su Ming’s first finger to disappear was falling back of the four Almighties. They coughed up blood continuously, and the Almighty in Mastery Realm who was the weakest among them was torn to shreds, his body and soul destroyed!

One dead, and three injured. This was the terrifying power Su Ming showed once he manifested his first finger in Mastery Realm.

“This is unfair!”

The remaining three people retreated swiftly. Their faces had went pale, and one of them let out an indignant roar. They could not hurt Su Ming because of the power of the universe… but Su Ming could disregard it and kill one of them as well as injure the rest with just one finger.

This… was indeed unfair, but their only answer came from the Abyss Dragon which was the bald crane. It shook its butt then turned back to wink at the person who had shouted before cursing under its breath.

“Darn it all…”

As it spoke, perhaps its movements when it shook its butt were a little too great, for it immediately turned around. A loud bang shot up…
