# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1104

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When the one finger killed a person, it shocked all the people in the area, and a dead silence descended. Everyone’s gazes were gathered on the Abyss Dragon which was the bald crane. It was the first time it was the center of attention of so many people. A smug look appeared on its face, and it let out a few fake coughs, but just as it was about to say a few modest words…

Another loud roar came from the vortex, and the hearts of the people shuddered.

Su Ming felt his cultivation base continue rising. When it erupted, it crashed into the second invisible wall. This was his second obstacle, the gate leading to him manifesting his second finger in Mastery Realm!

If he broke that barrier, he could make the second finger appear on his sun. His cultivation base would increase once again at that moment. If he could not break it, then while he would still be in Mastery Realm, he would not be able to attain completion.

He might be much stronger than before… but he could still become much stronger!

“When I manifest my second finger, I will attack again, and I’d like to see… how many of you will be left,” Su Ming said in a ghastly voice from the vortex. His cultivation base erupted and rammed against the invisible wall.

Twice, thrice. The booming sounds were even more intense than before. At the instant they shook the sky… the second finger appeared on the gigantic sun behind Su Ming!

There were two fingers on the sun which seemed to have turned into a fist, and Su Ming’s power rose once more. A terrifying presence spread out from his body. There were just two fingers, but the presence spreading out from him was already equivalent to that of normal Almighties who had attained great completion in Mastery Realm.

After all, this was the presence of Su Ming’s cultivation base. It was not his physical body, the power of which had surpassed his cultivation base by far too much. Yet now… the distance between them was swiftly decreasing. It meant that Su Ming’s true combat abilities would reach a terrifying extent.

Soon after, the instant Su Ming had the second finger in Mastery Realm manifest, he lifted his right hand. With two fingers forming a sword, he swept his hand in the direction of the Vermilion Bird’s continent.

With a loud bang, two huge fingers touched each other in the vortex. They instantly gained form, and with a presence even greater than before, they shot through the power of the universe and charged towards the Vermilion Bird’s continent.

The faces of the three Almighties beyond the third prince’s screen of light on the Vermilion Bird’s continent turned pale at that moment. Despair appeared in their eyes, but it was soon replaced by madness. They roared together at the sky, and during that instant, their souls, flesh, blood, and cultivation bases burned. It was especially so for the Almighty who had already seized control of his own laws of fate. The burning of his soul, flesh, blood, and cultivation base caused his cultivation base to rise to a state that was infinitesimally close to Life Realm.

The three of them turned into three long arcs that charged towards Su Ming’s two fingers in the sky.

A loud bang shook the sky and earth. As the people in the area breathed rapidly, Su Ming’s two fingers disappeared, but the price for it was… the Almighty in Mastery Realm crumbled into powder. The Almighty in Fate Realm coughed up a dozen mouthfuls of blood in succession. His body instantly withered and his eyes became dull. He moved about thousands of feet backwards, but he could no longer rely on coughing up blood to suppress his injuries. His body was then torn to shreds.

The last Almighty who was infinitesimally close to Life Realm after he burned his soul shuddered. When he moved back, his presence grew dull. The blood he coughed up dyed his robes red. He might not have died, but his organs were already crushed..

While retreating, he seized the air with his right hand without any hesitation, taking a large number of medicinal cores before immediately devouring them. Madness was in his eyes. He believed that as long as he was not instantly killed, then with his level of cultivation, he could persevere and return to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. Like that, perhaps he would still have a chance to survive.

He was betting that Su Ming would not be able to manifest the third finger.

“His power is already equivalent to those who have attained great completion in Mastery Realm, and he has manifested just two fingers. This Dao Kong is…” Ri, Yue, and Xing cast each other glances with incredibly stern expressions.

“There’s his physical power as well. Once he fused his cultivation base with his physical body, his two fingers… reached a power that could crush those in Fate Realm. This is… a power equivalent to one strike of those in the initial stage of Life Realm.”

“This child has no limits to his future. A person who could devour a garrison in a Striking Land… I thought he was originally in Mastery Realm, but judging by the looks of it… we’ve underestimated him!”

“His blood shone with gold. If… he can manifest the third finger, we can…” Light shone in the eyes of Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing. There was surprise within them, but it soon disappeared as they reached a consensus.

“If this child can manifest the third finger, then another top-notch warrior will appear in Morning Dao Sect in the future.” The old man in blue from the Fourth True World shook his head while speaking calmly. By his side, Reverend Zi Long looked ahead with a glint in his eyes.

“However, he already committed a huge offense. It doesn’t matter whether it is True Sacred Yin World or the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, both will be great disasters to him…”

“The three True Worlds cannot fight against each other. They will only have a dispute. Even if Dao Kong kills that third prince, the Emperor of Abyss’ True World will at most make Morning Dao Sect pay a great price.

“Besides, look at Ri, Yue, and Xing, those three old coots were sending divine thoughts to each other just now. I might not be able to hear what they were saying, but I can guess that they’ve already become interested in him. They’ve become interested in Dao Kong.

“I also feel the same way about this Dao Kong…” The old man in blue smiled faintly. As his eyes sparkled, thoughts that no one but he was to privy to formed in his head.

While everyone in the crowd harbored their own thoughts, a loud rumbling rose once again, and all of their thoughts left when they trained their gazes on Su Ming. His location was where the sound had originated.

This time, Su Ming’s roar was mixed in the rumble. At the instant he threw his head back and roared, the third finger… appeared on the sun behind him!

Veins popped up on Su Ming’s face. The appearance of the third finger might have seemed simple, but in truth, he had used his cultivation base to crash against the wall nearly one hundred times before he finally managed to break it. If it was not because his body was powerful to begin with, then such charges would have surely caused his body to crumble.

This was also one of the reasons why the sight of someone manifesting the third finger was considered rare in the four Great True Worlds!

In truth, practically all the Almighties in Mastery Realm Su Ming he’d met in the past had only manifested one or two fingers. As of then, he had yet to meet someone who had manifested the third finger.

After all, a person who had only manifested the first finger could also attain great completion in Mastery Realm and could reach Fate Realm. However, the difference between them would have been widen from the instant they stepped into Mastery Realm.

They might all be in Mastery Realm and would have all attained great completion, but a person who had manifested four fingers could kill a person in Mastery Realm who had only manifested one finger!

Almost at the instant Su Ming manifested the third finger, he lowered it. The killing intent in his eyes was laced with madness. It was a steadfast power formed by extreme care towards another person.

It was the source of power which allowed Su Ming to reach a breakthrough and become an Almighty. It was… a form of care because of which he wanted to use his palm to protect everything, defend the people he treasured so that they would not be injured!

“I’d like to see… how you’ll withstand this!”

Su Ming raised his right hand and swept through the air with three fingers. The world rumbled, and the three large fingers appeared in the air beyond the vortex. They were thousands of feet long, and a power that allowed them to blot out the sky spread out from them. As the tumbles shook the area, the fingers charged towards the Vermilion Bird’s continent with loud booming sounds.

The Almighty in Fate Realm who had burned his soul looked over at it with anguish. Despair showed up in his eyes. The instant Su Ming manifested his third finger, he understood… that he could not block the attack.

He could only be a pebble that was crushed because he had blocked Dao Kong’s path as he rose to power. As he laughed brokenly, the Almighty in Fate Realm also came to understand that he no longer had any path for retreat. He roared at the heavens, and the instant the three huge fingers appeared, he rushed forward. When the three fingers were about to touch him, he chose to self-destruct.

Loud booming sounds echoed in the sky, yet the self-destruction from the Almighty from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World could not make Su Ming’s three fingers to stop for even an instant. They landed on the Vermilion Bird’s continent and immediately crashed against the black screen of light. By then, the prince had seized Yu Xuan and dragged her in front of him. His expression was no longer what it had been before.

The entire Vermilion Bird’s continent shuddered furiously. The Vermilion Bird supporting it let out a pained screech, and its body sank together with the continent for thousands of feet. The bird then flew out swiftly, no longer supporting the continent. Instead, it stared at Su Ming with a terrified gaze.

The Vermilion Bird might have left, but the continent did not sink. The black screen of light around the third prince expanded swiftly to envelop the entire continent, causing Su Ming’s three fingers to crumble.

“Haha! How are you going to break through my Lord Father’s protection screen?! I’ll remember what happened today!” The third prince laughed loudly and raised his right hand to push it against the ground. Immediately, threads of light appeared in front of him. As they spun, they Branded the ground. At an extreme speed, they formed a Relocation Rune!

“I will need thirty breaths for the Rune to form completely and another twenty the moment I activate it to leave this place. Su Ming, you only have fifty breaths. You can only watch me take this b*tch and leave.” The third prince laughed madly with derision as well as contempt in his eyes.

“I don’t need fifty breaths.”

A menacing glare appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. The instant he said those words in a flat voice, he bit the tip of his tongue and coughed up a mouthful of blood. At the same time, he raised his right hand and swept his hand across the blood, causing it to turn into a blood-red Brand. Once he seized it, he pushed it at the center of his brows.

A loud bang shot up. The Brand formed by the mark from his blood and essence was Su Ming sparing no pains to stimulate his potential so that he could cut down on the time required to crush the wall. Even though doing so would cause his body to suffer an even greater impact, but as Ecang, Su Ming did not care.

In the mid of the loud bang, the fourth finger swiftly appeared on the sun behind Su Ming!

“The fourth finger!”

The breathing of all the cultivators in the area quickened at that moment. With his actions, Su Ming had told everything—that he was going to rise to power in one go!
