# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1105

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The fourth finger swiftly appeared on the fist-like sun. Su Ming had already activated four of the five fingers. As Su Ming raised his right hand and swung his arm at the Vermilion Bird’s continent, a palm with four fingers manifested beyond the vortex formed by the power of the universe.

With a mighty pressure that caused people’s hearts to tremble and a will that could destroy the entire universe just to protect something, the four-fingered palm looked as if it had replaced the world. It charged straight for the Vermilion Bird’s continent.

Before it even closed in, the sky started shattering layer by layer. The black screen of light on the Vermilion Bird’s continent shone with a dazzling light. A cold sneer appeared on the lips of the third prince from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. However, his slightly trembling gaze betrayed that he was terrified at that moment.

Boom!

A shocking sound reverberated in the air. At the instant it traveled through the area, the third prince’s arrogant laughter spread out. The black screen of light distorted furiously when the four-fingered palm collided against it, but the palm was the one that fell back and was torn to shreds.

“What can you do to me, Su Ming? Do you care about this b*tch that much?”

While laughing with conceit, the third prince raised his right hand and seized Yu Xuan’s neck, lifting her frail body high into the air. With a tight squeeze, he caused pain to immediately appear on her face. However, she still smiled. She did not want Su Ming to see her in pain.

“You care about this b*tch? Haha! So what if you care about her?! She’s in my hands. If you have the ability to break the Emperor of Abyss’ Screen of Light in the span of a few dozen breaths, then do so and try to save her.

“Su Ming, if you can’t do it in a few dozen breaths, then I will take her home with me.

“But if you’re willing to kneel down and beg me, destroy your own cultivation base, and dig out your heart as a form of respect, I will consider letting this b*tch, who will not live for more than a hundred years if she leaves the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, to stay with you. Come on!”

The third prince tightened his grip. Veins popped up on his face. As he laughed madly, he stared at Yu Xuan enduring her pain, then at Su Ming whose eyes had went red. The prince felt incredibly delighted, and his laughter grew even more conceited.

He saw the red in Su Ming’s eyes and sensed the madness in him, but he did not care. As long as the screen of light was not broken, then in a few dozen more breaths, he would return to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. If the man was conceited enough to chase after him there, the third prince would let him know what despair was.

Su Ming had returned from his destructive, crimson state, but at that moment, after the taunts of the third prince, red covered all the white in his eyes. At the same time, red light spread out from him when he saw Yu Xuan doing her best to smile even though it was clear that she was in pain. As he watched the woman who was once a mischievous girl in the past, Su Ming felt his heart aching in pain.

He also saw resolve and determination in her face as she did her best to smile. There was deep steadfastness within her.

It was a steadfast resolution proclaiming that: If we cannot be together, then I will wait for you in the netherworld.

The pain made Su Ming feel as if his heart had been torn apart and would not recover. Everything in his eyes grew crimson. There was only one thought in his head at that moment: Break the screen of light, kill the third prince, save Yu Xuan.

In the mid of his madness and his form of care, Su Ming charged forward without a single word… and left the vortex formed by the power of the universe. At the instant he stepped out, he raised his right hand, and his cultivation base roared to attempt to manifest the fifth finger.

Many attempts were completed as Su Ming charged forward… but even if the blood in his body was raging violently, he still could not break through the invisible wall leading to the manifestation of the fifth finger.

It was as if there was always a little left lacking.

‘Manifest, fifth finger!’

As a blood-red glare shone in Su Ming’s bloodshot eyes, he struck his storage bag with his left hand, and the poisonous wasp with the God Ascension Nectar immediately appeared on his palm. At the instant he clenched his left fist, the poison sting pierced his flesh.

God Ascension Nectar entered his system, and it immediately swam through his blood. As it spread out and fused with his cultivation base, a loud bang rang out in Su Ming’s head.

Another attempt to break through was executed in a frenzy.

But… he was still lacking a little. The now irrational Su Ming sent out a divine thought to the poisonous wasp to have it inject even more God Ascension Nectar into him, and immediately… an amount hundreds of times greater than what had caused him to attract the swarm of Waves of Tears in Divine Essence Star Ocean was injected into his body.

Booming sounds echoed in Su Ming’s head; they were like thunderous roars shaking his soul so much that he felt as if he was about to shatter. Yet at the same time, a presence that caused all the cultivators and even the old man in blue from the Fourth True World to stand erupted from Su Ming’s body.

As it did so, Su Ming circulated all of his cultivation base. At that moment, he might have seemed normal, but in truth, as his cultivation base continuously erupted and the God Ascension Nectar spread through him, his body continued swelling. This could not be seen with the naked eye. However, Su Ming had a feeling that at the extent his body swelled up, he would burst apart in less than three breaths.

During the first breath, Su Ming bled from his ears, nose, mouth, and eyes. He circulated all his cultivation base and continued attacking the invisible barrier leading to the fifth finger, intending to use this method to forcefully break through it.

During the second breath, an intense pain that could not be put into words spread out through him, causing Su Ming to feel as if every single part of his body was about to shatter. Sweat broke out on his skin, and a strong sense of danger rose in his heart. It was the feeling of upcoming death. Once his body crumbled, his physical body would not be the only thing that would disintegrate. His soul, too, would be gone.

This was a choice between death or breaking the wall to the fifth finger. A rational person would have definitely not chosen to do this, but at that moment, Su Ming no longer possessed any form of rationality. There was… only extreme concern towards another person!

With great effort, he circulated his entire cultivation base and continuously attacked the invisible wall. When the third breath arrived and Su Ming’s body surpassed its limit of the swelling up it could contain, it started showing signs of crumbling. The instant he was about to burst like a water balloon… a loud bang shot into the air!

Once a large amount of water was injected into the water balloon… What would erupt would either be Su Ming’s body… or he would break through the wall!

At the instant that loud boom reverberated in the air, the shadow of the fifth finger appeared on the sun behind Su Ming. At the instant this happened, the crazed power in Su Ming’s body seemed to have found a vent. It surged towards the illusory fifth finger on the sun, causing it to to instantly gain corporeal form. As loud booing sounds surged into the air, a scene that shocked countless cultivators in the area appeared in the sky.

Up above, there was a fist-like sun with all five fingers, but it no longer looked like a sun. It was… a palm that had unfurled its fingers from the position of a fist!

At the same time, a tri-colored light spread out from the real physical body of Su Ming’s clenched right fist in the territory of the Immortals’ Union. It instantly filled his entire right arm. As it shuddered lightly, a power that seemed to come from Su Ming’s physical body rose, and he looked as if he was about to wake up because of it!

The palm symbolized protection, Su Ming’s steadfastness, and also his care as well as the form of protection he had come to understand.

Buzzing sounds rose from the area used for the Anointment Ceremony in Morning Dao Sect. Powerful light shone in the eyes of the old man in blue from the Fourth True World. There was a form of concentration in that light, along with incredibly great admiration. His breathing quickened in an indistinct manner, which showed just how shocked he was in his heart.

Reverend Zi Long sucked in a sharp breath. There was disbelief on his face. However, only he alone among all the other people in the area knew just how crazed Su Ming’s actions were, because he knew that Su Ming had used God Ascension Nectar. This was a secret he had told no one, and it was precisely because of it and that he had once sucked in a small whiff of it that he knew how Su Ming had forcibly manifested his fifth finger when he’d seemed unable to do it before. God Ascension Nectar was definitely at work in this.

When he thought of the terrors of the God Ascension Nectar, respect appeared in Reverend Zi Long’s eyes.

When Old You and Ming from True Sacred Yin World saw Su Ming manifest the fourth finger, their hearts had let out a thump, but they could still remain calm. However, when they saw him manifesting the fifth finger, the two of them sucked in a deep breath and cast each other a glance. Both of them saw the complicated emotions the other was feeling.

They knew that once Su Ming manifested his fifth finger, then unless there was a large amount of concrete evidence to prove that he was not Dao Kong… there was no sect in the universe which would give up on a person who had such talent, even if they suspected his origins. It was almost certain that as long as they did not die, then the chances of disciples like this stepping into Death Realm were much higher than of other people.

In fact… there was even a hint of possibility that they might surpass Death Realm and become Sublime Paragons!

To any True World, this was an indescribable treasure, and they would absolutely not give up on it. In fact, even if they had concrete evidence against them, they could still make changes to their policy. Of course, the prerequisite for this was that the person was not their enemy.

Yet clearly, Su Ming had become a Dynast, killed tens of thousands of cultivators from the Immortals’ Union, and even returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. This already made it certain that to Morning Dao Sect… he was not an enemy, because to Morning Dao Sect, their greatest enemy was the Immortals’ Union.

And more importantly, this person had already received Progenitor Dao Chen’s blessing and had greeted the Progenitor. There was… no longer any problems with everything else concerning him.

At the instant discussions rose in the area with a buzz, Su Ming had already made the sun behind him form a full palm. Heinous killing intent and a monstrous red glare shone in his eyes. When he raised his right hand, what appeared this time was not an illusory palm, but a palm formed by the sun behind him charging forward with a loud bang. It shot through his body and rushed straight for the Vermilion Bird’s continent!
