# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1106

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

That palm was the manifestation of Su Ming’s full power at that moment. It was his strongest attack, and he charged right after it.

It was the release of Su Ming’s physical strength, the strongest power he had gathered together in his life after he fused his cultivation base with his physical body!

At the same time, a malicious presence spread out from him. That malicious presence seemed to have come from an ancient, ferocious spirit. It filled the air, but remained indistinct. Only Su Ming knew… that it was Ecang’s presence!

It was ancient and malicious, and it symbolized Su Ming’s Ecang erupting with power once it became complete.

His strike caused the weather to change, the air to look like it was about to freeze, and that a crack that formed would not be able to heal.

The strike also caused the pupils of all the people in the area to shrink. Their hearts trembled, because the attack… was no longer something that could be executed by those in Mastery Realm, and neither was it something that could be released by Almighties in Fate Realm. The released power had already surpassed Mastery Realm, Fate Realm, and had reached… Life Realm!

Even though this was not the power brought by those who had attained great completion in Life Realm, it was still an attack belonging to those in the middle stage of Life Realm!

Yet that was not the most terrifying aspect. After all, there were people present who were already in Death Realm. What caused them to be in fear was because Su Ming’s real level of cultivation… was just that of someone who had just reached Mastery Realm!

Their fear was born from the fact that they did not understand Su Ming. If they did, they would not feel fear, but shock!

If Su Ming could be in control of the laws of fate, he could make his strike reach the power equivalent to those in the later stage of Life Realm and retrieve his real physical body. Then he, who had understood the laws of fate… could make his strike reach the state that was infinitesimally close to the power exhibited by those of Death Realm!

The moment Su Ming stepped into Mastery Realm and became an Almighty, he could truly be considered powerful. He was no longer a weakling and a weak cultivator who could only be manipulated by the others as they liked.

All those who tried to twist his fate would have to suffer consequences. They would have to pay a great price, and it would be so great that perhaps even they would be unable to bear it.

His strike descended on the screen of light around the Vermilion Bird’s continent. Within it was the third prince who had a crazed expression on his face. He had confidence in the screen of light, and as he continued laughing madly, he gripped Yu Xuan’s neck even tighter. The Rune had already almost completely formed. As the light grew to a dazzling degree, the third prince raved at the sky.

“I’m waiting for you here, come on!”

What answered him was a monstrous bang that shook many of the cultivators in the area so much that they bled from their ears. A violent impact swept into all directions with loud banging sounds.

The palm formed by Su Ming’s cultivation base touched the screen of light left behind by the Emperor from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World for his descendants. His strike caused the screen of light to instantly distort. A large number of cracks formed at the spot where his palm had landed, and they spread through the whole screen at a fast speed. As they did so, the top part of the screen sank.

It looked like it contained an elastic force. Yet the palm formed by Su Ming’s cultivation base continued pushing down on the screen, charging towards the third prince on the Vermilion Bird’s continent.

This shocking scene caused the third prince’s expression to change. His raving laughter immediately came to a stop. At the instant disbelief appeared in his eyes, a loud booming sound reverberated in the air. When the palm formed by Su Ming’s cultivation base pushed the screen of light, about ten thousand feet downwards, more cracks spread, and the palm disappeared.

Su Ming had used all his strength, but could only do so much; he still could not make the screen shatter. However… at the instant the palm formed by Su Ming’s sun disintegrated, he rushed out from behind it and raised his right hand to push down on the sunken screen of light.

Booming sounds rose into the air. Red filled Su Ming’s eyes. With madness, the power of his physical body reached its peak, and the malicious presence around him grew to an astonishing degree. At the instant he touched the sunken screen and booming sounds could be heard, the screen was unable to bounce back. It was pushed forward by Su Ming’s right hand and continued sinking even deeper towards the ground.

The third prince’s expression instantly turned pale. He stared at Su Ming, who was above him in the sky and was separated from him by the screen of light, but was currently pushing it and making it descend. His mind instantaneously turned blank. With a shudder, he pulled on Yu Xuan without any hesitation and swiftly entered the Relocation Rune. His face was stark pale, and there was fear that had never once appeared on his face before. He struck the Rune with his left hand.

“Damn it, hurry up and activate! Just activate already!”

Cold sweat broke out on the third prince’s forehead, and a strong feeling that he was about to die rose within him. He roared and struck the Rune with his left hand. Immediately, it let out a dazzling light as it started spinning slowly.

Red filled Su Ming’s eyes. Pushing the screen of light so that it would sink might have seemed easy, but in truth, the screen of light was something that the Emperor of Abyss from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World had personally Branded on his descendants, and its goal was to prevent them being killed.

If the screen could be destroyed easily, then the princes of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World might have all died a long time ago.

Even if Su Ming was at his strongest at that moment, he still could not destroy the screen of light. Even moving it was proving to be increasingly difficult.

He pushed the screen so that it would continuously approach the ground. He could see Yu Xuan, could see the third prince who he absolutely wanted to kill. He saw their expressions, and also saw the fear in the third prince’s eyes.

Su Ming approached the ground. From the great distance before, he came until he was only a hundred thousand feet away from them. Then, the distance shrank to ten thousand feet before it eventually turned to one thousand feet. In the eyes of the third prince, Su Ming had already arrived, but the Rune beneath his feet had only partially activated. It would need another dozen breaths before he could be sent away. After all, this was not a normal Relocation, but a Relocation between True Worlds, that was why the speed was slightly slower.

When he saw that Su Ming was about to close in, the third prince’s expression twisted. With a roar at the sky, he grabbed Yu Xuan, and just as he was about to fling all caution to the wind, he was suddenly stunned before he laughed loudly. There was madness contained in his laughter, along with endless mockery.

“Su Ming, what can you even do to me? You can’t break open this screen of light. It’ll be even better if you’re just one thousand feet away from me. You’ll be able to see even more clearly how I’ll leave.”

As the third prince laughed, he sighed in relief in his heart. He saw that Su Ming had reached the limit of what he could do when he pushed the screen until it was only one thousand feet away from him. Not only did the screen not continue sinking, it even started showing signs that it was about to bounce back.

Veins popped up on Su Ming’s face. The screen of light was so strong that even if he used his full power, he could only do so much. He could not break the screen, and because of it, he could not take Yu Xuan back. It was just as the third prince said, he could only watch helplessly as Yu Xuan was taken away.

The blood-red light in Su Ming’s eyes reached a heinous degree, but no matter how he attacked the screen, he still could not stop it from slowly raising. The scene changed from him pushing the screen to him being pushed back by the screen. Gradually, he left the area where the third prince’s Rune was. From the previous one thousand feet, the distance between them became two thousand feet, and it was still widening.

The crazed laughter from the third prince fell into Su Ming’s ears, and his heart trembled as it ached in pain. Sharp stabs of pain traveled up right hand which he used to push the screen of light, and it was turning into a bloody mess. His bones were continuously being crushed. Compared to the screen of light, his power seemed like it was no longer able to put a fight.

‘I can still become stronger. As long as I can get my real physical body back, I can become even stronger!’

“I won’t accept this! With my power, with my cultivation base, how can I not even break a screen of light formed by a divine ability by the Emperor of Abyss?! I WON’T ACCEPT THIS!”

Su Ming threw his head back and let out the most astonishing roar that he had never done since he’d come to Morning Dao Sect.

It contained Su Ming’s bewilderment when he was in Dark Mountain and when he was in the land of Berserkers. It contained his anguish when he left the ninth summit and stepped into the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. It contained his madness as he barely escaped death when he was in Divine Essence Star Ocean. It also contained his boundless resentment towards Su Xuan Yi due to his origins.

At that moment, all of that was released violently in his roar. There was also his pain and his refusal to admit that he could not save Yu Xuan.

As the roar reverberated in the air, it traveled through all nine continents in the first plane to the ninety-nine continents in the second plane, the 999 continents in the third plane, the 9,999 continents in the fourth plane, Dao Ocean, all dimensions in Morning Dao Sect, and it even reached as faint murmur Su Xuan Yi’s isolation grounds.

The isolated Su Xuan Yi shuddered. However, soon, he closed his eyes again… and a sigh left his lips when he closed his eyes again.

As the roar echoed in the sky, the ears of the ten million cultivators rang. While they were in shock, Su Ming’s real physical body which lay in the territory of the Immortals’ Union shuddered violently, especially his right hand. A tri-colored light spread out from it, and a power that had always been sleeping in the body looked as if it was about to be awakened in an unseen manner at that moment!

“I WANT TO BECOME STRONGER!!!”

At the instant Su Ming shouted those words, dazzling light erupted from his real physical body’s right hand. At the instant it appeared, a large number of figures instantly appeared around his real physical body, but before they could even do anything, the right hand of Su Ming’s real physical body… disappeared in the light!

His whole right arm disappeared along with it the next moment!

At the same time, Su Ming’s bloody right hand which held back the screen of light in Morning Dao Sect was torn to shreds with a loud bang. However, a new arm suddenly replaced it at an indescribable speed. Soon after, a power that was even greater than the strongest power Su Ming had been able to muster spilled out violently with a shocking bang from the right hand which seemed to have regrown in a heartbeat.

Thunder roared. The wind and clouds moved back. The chill of midwinter, the light of autumn’s red, the flames of the scorching summer appeared at the same time. When they intersected with each other, for the first time ever… the presence of spring appeared around Su Ming’s right hand!

Spring was the time when all things come back to life, and it was the final step in moving from death to life. And signs of it manifesting showed up at that instant!

Su Ming used the right hand which had appeared as if it had regrown and seized the air in front of him. As the world roared, the light of the Rune around the third prince and Yu Xuan spun. At the instant they were about to be Relocated, the screen of light blocking Su Ming’s path was torn apart.

It crumbled with a bang, and his body descended at an indescribable speed. He lifted his right hand and pierced the light from the Rune. As if he could move through True Worlds, he seized the third prince, who was already halfway through his Relocation, and with a ferocious face yanked him back!
