# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1108

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Almost the instant Su Ming raised his head, he took a swift step to the side, and he was so fast that he instantly charged at Old You and Ming from True Sacred Yin World.

Su Ming needed to vent his frustration. If he did not let out the heinous resentment and anger within him, then he had a feeling that his body would tear open and collapse.

He needed to vent. Both his heart and his soul needed to let out his frustrations in a violent manner. He wanted to see blood being spilled

The instant Su Ming moved, the expressions of Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing instantly changed. Just as they were about to chase after Su Ming, a long string of laughter came from the continent where the Fourth True World stayed. The old man in blue took a step forward at that moment and instantly appeared in front of Sect Masters Ri, Yue and Xing. He had the ghost of a smile on his face as he wrapped his fist in his palm lightly towards the three of them.

“My friends, why don’t we spar a little?”

“Ling Hai, what’s the meaning of this?!” Sect Master Yue demanded with a frown.

“I’m not planning anything. I just miss the three of you very much and want to spar with you.”

The old man in blue smiled and swung his arm. Immediately, a roaring sea manifested, then swept outwards, straight towards Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing.

“Blood Ocean Hell!”

The old man in blue formed a seal with his hands, bit his tongue, and coughed up a large mouthful of blood. It immediately fused with the ocean which had manifested around him, dying it red. Once it turned into a sea of blood, it surrounded the area and became an existence akin to a seal, making it difficult for even Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing to rush out.

‘Laddy, I’ve given up a lot of my assets to help you. I used up nearly five thousand years worth of my cultivation base just to muster that one mouthful of sealing blood for this sea of blood. Only with it could I trap the three for an hour with my power alone.

‘You’ll have to work hard… Commit more irrecoverable, heinous atrocities. It’s good that you killed the third prince of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. It’s also good that you destroyed True Sacred Yin World’s camp in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, but it’s not enough. You have to kill Old You and Ming, and you have to slaughter your way into the Emperor of Abyss’ True World as well as murder your way into True Sacred Yin World.

‘It’d be best if you could bring out a Sublime Paragon of a True World. Only then… would it be enough.’

The face of the old man in blue was slightly pale. Clearly, trapping Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing was incredibly difficult for him. However, there was a powerful light shining in his eyes, and it was filled… with expectation.

At the instant the old man in blue trapped Sect Masters Ri, Yue and Xing of Morning Dao Sect and the expressions of the people all around changed, Su Ming turned into a long arc and charged towards Old You and Ming with black smoke spreading out of his body.

“You’re just asking for death!”

Old You and Ming’s eyes sparkled. Old You smiled coldly and took a step forward. He looked so old that he looked as if he had just crawled out of a coffin, but he raised his right hand and formed a seal before he pointed forward.

Immediately, wisps of cold air rose from his fingertips. A vast power that was so ghastly it looked as if it could freeze space itself appeared with cracking sounds. Countless ice flowers instantly appeared in the air in front of Old You. They were all connected to one another. As more of them spread out, they formed a huge face of a ghost in the air, right in front of Su Ming.

With a ferocious expression, it charged at him.

A power that was just a step away from that of Death Realm erupted with a bang from the ghost face. The same presence was also released from Old You’s body.

When Su Ming was about to touch the ghost face, powerful killing intent shone in his eyes. He raised his right hand, and powerful might that was as astonishing as the ghost face’s instantly came from his right hand. The moment he was about to be hit, Su Ming furled his fingers into a fist and threw a fist forward.

The world roared. The sky shuddered. Su Ming took three staggering steps back, but the ghost face made of ice flowers in front of him instantly collapsed.

Su Ming forced himself to stop. When he rushed forward again, a heinous, malicious presence followed him. It was his Ecang self manifesting. Old You narrowed his eyes, and with a cold harrumph, he formed a seal in front of himself before he swiftly pushed his palms together and pointed at Su Ming.

“Sinister Dark Mass!”

A low growl came from Old You’s mouth. When he pointed forward, a jolt ran through his body, and overlapping shadows seemed to cover him. When they rushed forward, they turned into an old man. He had an illusory body, but at the instant he stepped towards Su Ming, he raised his right hand and formed a seal before pointing at the center of his own brows. Immediately, a bang shot out from his body and he turned into a ghost face that charged towards Su Ming.

At the same time, overlapping shadows appeared on Old You again. This time, ten illusory shadows flew out at the same time. They were all middle-aged men, and all of them looked the same. They were rather similar to Old You, and seemed to be versions of his younger self.

When Su Ming crashed against the ghost face formed by the old man’s illusory shadow, the ten middle-aged shadows turned into ten ghost faces that charged towards him.

If that was all, it would not have posed a problem for Su Ming, but overlapping shadows appeared for the third time around Old You, who still remained unmoving in the air. Then, one hundred illusory shadows rushed out. Each of them was a young man, and they all turned into one hundred gigantic ghost faces in the sky before charging towards Su Ming.

It seemed as if there was no end to them. When overlapping shadows appeared for the fourth time, the shadows of five hundred teenagers rushed out. They spread out, surrounded the area, and turned into ghost faces simultaneously. The whole sky seemed to be filled with them.

The ghost faces opened their mouths and roared before they charged towards Su Ming. Booming sounds rang out without end. When he saw the countless ghost faces rushing towards him in a mad rush, a glint shone in Su Ming’s eyes. The instant the enemies came close, he turned around, raised his right hand, and struck his chest.

This was the rebounding force he had learned from the Predecessor of Dao Ocean. With Su Ming’s raised level of cultivation, the instant his right hand landed on his chest, a deafening roar reverberated in the air.

A wave of impact rushed through the area from Su Ming. When it swept outwards, all the incoming ghost faces let out shrill roars. Then, like fog being swept apart by a violent gust of wind, they scattered.

Blood trickled out of the corners of Su Ming’s mouth, but he did not wipe it off. With blood dyeing his lips red, he threw his head back and let out a roar to vent his anger and resentment. As he did so, Old Ming beside Old You let out a cold harrumph. With one move, he instantly disappeared. When he reappeared, he was already behind Su Ming. He raised his right hand and touched Su Ming’s back lightly.

At the instant he did so, a ray of dark light appeared at his fingertips. That light was strange and enchanting, and it could be vaguely seen that there were countless existences resembling ghosts within it. They let out soundless roars, and as their expressions distorted, they charged towards Su Ming’s back along the old man’s finger.

They looked like they wanted to tear Su Ming, rush into him to devour his flesh, blood, and soul.

Su Ming could not avoid this strike, but he didn’t even consider doing it. As he turned around, he raised his right hand and formed a seal before he spread his fingers. Immediately, a huge hand manifested under his feet. As Su Ming clenched his right hand once more, the huge, illusory palm furled itself into a fist as well to hold Su Ming within it. It then collided against Old Ming’s incoming finger.

Booming sounds rose into the air. The huge palm holding Su Ming shattered layer by layer until he was revealed within. He coughed up a mouthful of blood, but Old Ming shuddered and took a few staggering steps backwards too. Blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth.

But almost the instant he moved back, a freezing glare shone in his eyes. He formed a seal with both hands, and nearly one thousand overlapping shadows flew out with a bang from his body. They turned into nearly one thousand ghost faces in the area. As they roared, they rushed towards Su Ming, and Old Ming also took a step forward. This time, when he raised his right hand, an oil lamp appeared on his palm. It burned with dark green flames.

He held up the oil lamp, opened his mouth, and blew at the dark green flame. It erupted with a bang and turned into a phoenix that rushed towards Su Ming with a shrill shriek.

Old You and Ming attacked at the same time, and they were determined to kill. When they attacked, all of the skills they executed were great divine abilities. There was not a hint of them intending to be careless in their actions. They had even sealed up all of Su Ming’s paths to head forward or retreat. When they managed to do so, Old You and Ming roared at the same time towards the sky.

Immediately, a presence that surged to the skies erupted from their bodies. At the same time, two green pearls rushed out from the top of their skulls. When they floated out they spun swiftly and appeared at Su Ming’s sides. The two pearls shone before turning into two huge bodies.

They had black skin and bald heads, but the ripples of power equivalent to those in Life Realm spread out from their bodies. If it was not because they had no spark of life in their eyes, making it clear that they were puppets, they would definitely be regarded as cultivators.

They clearly were… two puppets in Life Realm, puppets that were incredibly rare and extremely valuable in all of the True Worlds!

“Sacred Slaves!”

The old man in blue narrowed his eyes. True Sacred Yin World was the most famous among the four Great True Worlds for its Puppetry Art, and almost all of the divine abilities in True Sacred Yin World’s Sacred Yin Sect were related to puppets.

Creating puppets and using them to train had practically become the essential Art of Sacred Yin Sect. The two puppets were You and Ming’s origin substitutes, which they had created by having their entire cultivation base merge together.

Front, back, left, and right—Su Ming was surrounded by enemies from all directions. The two puppets might exude the power belonging to those in Life Realm, but in their hands they held two huge black blades. They were entirely black, and there were countless vengeful souls surrounding them. They exuded… a presence that made even Su Ming feel great danger.

Those were… two extraordinary blades!

Booming sounds rose into the air, and divine abilities closed in on Su Ming At the instant he was surrounded and about to suffer attacks aimed to kill from all directions, he closed his eyes, raised his right hand, and pushed up against the sky!

“Fifth kiln!”

A loud rumble surged into the skies, and the entire Morning Dao Sect shuddered. At the same time, a huge crack appeared in the sky. As it spread out of nowhere, tearing through the sky, the fifth kiln which had hidden itself away in Divine Essence Star Ocean shuddered. A sea of fire spilled out from it, and the countless living spirits in the kiln roared at the sky.

During that instant, the fifth kiln moved swiftly and disappeared from Divine Essence Star Ocean. When it reappeared… it was in Morning Dao Sect, and at that moment, the hearts of all ten million cultivators were shaken as their gazes were directed at the crack in the sky!
