# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1109

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When the fifth kiln appeared, all the cultivators in Morning Dao Sect immediately sucked in sharp breaths. Most of them had never seen the fifth kiln before.

It was an existence that was an incredibly mysterious entity even in Divine Essence Star Ocean, and the cultivators present were incredibly unfamiliar with it. There were plenty of people who had never even heard of the fifth kiln before the old man who returned from the Barren Lands of Divine Essence had mentioned it.

After all, Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos was just too big. The things the cultivators knew about were naturally related to their own paths of cultivation as well as their experiences. Without a high enough level of cultivation, it was impossible for them to learn about too many secrets. Similarly, without enough experiences, it was also impossible to learn about these things.

It was the case for Su Ming as well. When he first stepped into the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, he had not know about any of these things. Other people might have different backgrounds compared to him, but at least in this matter, they were all the same.

The sky roared, and the air distorted. The sound of something being ripped open shook the sky and earth. Countless bolts of lightning swam in the sky, tearing the crack wider. The fifth kiln descended from it with loud booming sounds and a presence that surged through the air. Wherever it spread, the air would collapse. The entire sky was torn apart, as if there was no power in the world which could stop the fifth kiln from appearing for the first time in True Morning Dao World.

A mighty pressure so strong it was difficult to describe with words spread out violently from the kiln at that moment. It landed in the hearts of all the cultivators in Morning Dao Sect, causing them to beat furiously. Everyone clearly felt a pressure that caused their bodies to tremble.

The sea of fire surrounded the area as they changed color. The fifth kiln broke through everything and descended. Even though the sea of fire did not spread out, the power of the heat contained in the mighty pressure seemed to be able to melt all gazes, causing all those who saw the sea of fire to feel their eyes sting in pain. There were also quite a number of people who could not stop tears from flowing down their faces.

All of this was because of the fifth kiln’s shocking appearance.

“The fifth kiln!”

A glint appeared in Old You and Ming’s eyes. The two of them lifted their eyes at the same time and fixed them on the fifth kiln. Based on the words of the Almighty in Life Realm who had returned, they knew that Dao Kong could control the fifth kiln, and since they dared to come over and attack him, it was only natural that they had methods to rely upon when dealing with this treasure.

“I’d like to see whether this fifth kiln is truly as mighty as the rumors say. Abyss Activating Brush!” Old You roared with his head raised. Immediately, a dark ray of light flew out from his mouth.

That dark ray of light charged towards the fifth kiln and instantly turned into a white brush surrounded by dark light!

At the same time, a brilliant light shone in Old Ming’s eyes. He raised his left hand and struck his chest. Immediately, a loud bang came from his back, and his clothes were torn to reveal shriveled skin. It was full of wrinkles, and a decaying air spread out from it. Right then, numerous runic symbols appeared on his skin.

As a loud bang shot into the air, Old Ming coughed up a mouthful of blood. Immediately, a large patch of skin on his back separated from his body. After floating into the air, it charged towards the fifth kiln.

“Book of Life and Death!” Old Ming roared towards the sky.

The patch of skin that flew out from his back immediately shone with a piercing black light. It was filled with a feeling of death, and there was also a mighty pressure spreading out with loud rumbles from it.

Book of Life and Death and Abyss Activating Brush were two treasures who could be regarded as a set. They were one of the four supreme treasures of True Sacred Yin World, and they were personally created by the Sublime Paragon. Besides the Book of Life and Death as well as the Abyss Activating Brush given to True Sacred Yin World’s Kalpa Lord, the remaining three supreme treasures were sunken into Yin River to suppress the nine underworlds.

This sort of supreme treasure surpassed the level of treasure possessed by Xuan Shang in the past. More accurately speaking, they were not even on the same level. They might both be created by the same Sublime Paragon, but one of them was created personally to return a small debt of gratitude, and the other four were created with meticulousness and painstaking effort. The Sublime Paragon had gathered a large number of materials over the course of many years to create these treasures, and they were used as a legacy of a True World. It was only natural then that they could not be compared.

Almost the instant the Book of Life and Death as well as the Abyss Activation Brush appeared, shock appeared on the faces of a handful of people among the cultivators in the area. Clearly, they had recognized this set of supreme treasures from True Sacred Yin World.

This was the reason behind the confidence of Old You and Ming against Su Ming’s fifth kiln. It was all because they had taken the set of supreme treasures from True Sacred Yin World.

To them, the fifth kiln might be mysterious, but that was it. First and foremost, they had never entered the fifth kiln themselves, and second, it was because the Kalpa Lord of True Sacred Yin World had never entered it before due to his status as well.

However, due to the accounts of people from True Sacred Yin World who had survived and returned from it coupled with the investigations and the great history of True Sacred Yin Sacred, they still knew quite a lot about the fifth kiln.

They knew that the greatest divine ability from the fifth kiln was the sea of fire that could burn all those in Mastery Realm. They also knew that if it erupted completely, perhaps flames of even greater level would appear. In fact, they even knew that while the person in possession of the fifth kiln might not be able to harm an Almighty in Life Realm with its sea of fire, but the fifth kiln was practically indestructible, and its owner only needed to control it and send it crashing down to destroy anyone.

It was unknown whether even those in Death Realm could withstand such an attack.

Once they learned of the two greatest functions of the fifth kiln, Old You and Ming were very confident that the moment Dao Kong brought it out, the kiln would belong to True Sacred Yin World.

This… was the greatest reason why they came to Morning Dao Sect to antagonize Dao Kong!

They did not come for Dao Kong himself, and neither did they come to seek vengeance… Instead, they came to snatch the fifth kiln. Since Dao Kong had destroyed True Sacred Yin World’s camp in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, even if they snatched the fifth kiln, Morning Dao Sect would not be able to say anything about it as long as they could seize it fast enough.

Almost the instant the Book of Life and Death and the Abyss Activation Brush flew out, the latter looked like it was seized by a huge, invisible hand in the air. When it tilted downwards, it immediately started drawing on the Book of Life and Death.

In just an instant, the outline of the fifth kiln was drawn. The outline looked almost alive, and the moment it was completed, black light shone from the Book of Life and Death. It instantly swelled up, and with a speed so fast it was inconceivable, the black light expanded to a boundless distance and swiftly enveloped the fifth kiln.

A vast suction force spread out from the outline of the fifth kiln drawn by the Abyss Activation Brush on the swelled-up Book of Life and Death. The descended fifth kiln moved slightly towards the Book of Life and Death with a loud bang.

At the same time as the Book of Life and Death swelled up, it completely enveloped the fifth kiln like a seal. Once it wrapped it up tightly, it started absorbing and fusing with it.

Old You and Ming laughed loudly. A glint shone in the eyes of the two puppet, and they rushed towards Su Ming together. During that instant, Old You and Ming formed a seal with their hands as they laughed. When they swung their arms, a vortex instantly appeared around their bodies, and when it swept outwards, that vortex turned into a Relocation Rune.

They wanted to leave. Even if it meant that they were going to disregard all the other people who came with them from True Sacred Yin World, they had to quickly take the sealed fifth kiln and leave Morning Dao Sect.

They had already completed half of their task. At that moment, as the vortices swept outwards and the light from the Relocation Rune reached a blinding degree, Su Ming did not even cast a glance at the origin substitutes of Old You and Ming closing in on him. There was a dull, dead look in his eyes, along with a madness that made him want to kill everything around him. His lips curled upwards in mockery, and it was hard to discern whether he was laughing at himself, at others, or both.

“Another Relocation Rune.”

Su Ming’s smile was very twisted. At that moment, he had already sunken into an abnormal state. He watched the activation of the Relocation Rune, the fifth kiln being wrapped up by the Book of Life and Death, and Old You and Ming about to disappear with excitement and elation on their faces.

“All of you underestimate the fifth kiln.”

Su Ming threw his head back and laughed. There was a shrill and forlorn feeling to his laughter along with madness as well as the resentment which he could not put to words. At the instant it reverberated in the air, Su Ming spoke in a voice as if he was passing judgement.

“All existences who have existed for countless years in the fifth kiln, as the master of the fifth kiln, I will allow you… to walk out!”

At the instant Su Ming’s voice echoed in the air, the fifth kiln enveloped by the Book of Life and Death jolted. Among the countless living spirits in the innumerable dimensions within the kiln, there were powerful spirits, even more powerful spirits, and incredibly powerful spirits. Some of them Su Ming had met before, and some of them he had yet to see.

At that instant, no matter what they were doing in the kiln, all of them shuddered and roared at the sky. Their bodies instantly disappeared, and when they reappeared, they were already outside the fifth kiln. It was as if some sort of seal on them had been broken and a new one activated… so that they could be released!

Ferocious beasts, strange figures, Fire Spirits, people with wings, astonishing dragons, and countless ferocious beings with bizarre appearances appeared outside the fifth kiln at that instant. Presences that caused people’s expressions to continuously change drastically until they were in complete shock. The countless living beings spread out their presences with loud rumbles, and the presences of those in Mastery Realm, Fate Realm, and Life Realm filled the nine skies.

Five other presences surged into the sky as well. The moment they appeared, they shook the skies, for they were… five people in Death Realm!

The world rumbled. At the instant the existences Su Ming released from the fifth kiln appeared, they rammed themselves against the Book of Life and Death. No matter how powerful this supreme treasure was, it was not the opponent for all the creatures. As booming sounds surged into the sky, the Book of Life and Death crumbled, torn to shreds. The Relocation was instantly interrupted, and the moment fear and disbelief appeared on the faces of Old You and Ming… countless figures pounced on them.

Shrill screams of pain echoed in the air. Booming sounds surged into the sky and reverberated in the area. Su Ming did not even cast a glance at the two puppets rushing to him. While turning his head around, he raised his right hand and pointed at all the people from True Sacred Yin World in the area.

“Kill all the outsiders in this place!”

Countless ferocious spirits roared. Fire Spirits were in the majority of that group. As they charged forward, they surrounded the two puppets by Su Ming and encircled all of the people from True Sacred Yin World. Pained screams resounded over the land, and they seemed to merge into… the most beautiful song at whose end people would die!
