# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1110

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Greetings, My Liege!” Two men who were hundreds of feet tall kneeled behind Su Ming. They were large and tall, but the most shocking thing about them was that both of them had three heads.

When they kneeled down with ferocious expressions, each one held a head in their hands. There was no blood dripping from them, for they were… the heads of the origin substitutes of Old You and Ming.

Shrill screams of pain reverberated in the air behind them. Tens of thousands of living beings from the fifth kiln roared at the sky as they approached Su Ming and kneeled down.

“Greetings, My Liege!” The tens of thousands of living beings all held bloody heads in their hands which belonged to the cultivators of True Sacred Yin World.

Further down were countless ferocious beings from the fifth kiln. They also prostrated themselves in the air and let out a uniform shout.

“Greetings, My Liege!”

At the same time, two shrill screams of pain shook the sky and earth. Five powerful presences that were mighty enough to cause all the people’s hearts to tremble erupted with a bang in the distance. They belonged to Almighties in Death Realm, and they were filled with the ultimate power of death.

As the presences erupted into the air, five tall figures walked forward slowly from the distance.

One of them was an old Fire Spirit dressed in fire armor. His eyes were calm, and there was an ancient air underneath it. In his hands he held the torn Book of Life and Death as well as the Abyss Activation Brush.

One of the two people by his side was a thin skeleton. If it was not because of the ghastly green flame burning brightly in his eyes, many people might have thought that he was a puppet formed from a corpse.

His limbs were stiff, and when he approached Su Ming, he did not walk over, but instead drifted toward him.

The third was a person with nine heads, but it wasn’t what made everyone continuously suck in sharp breaths in shock.

He held a head in his hand. Its eyes were open, and there was disbelief within them.

It was Old You’s head!

The fourth was an old woman. She leaned against a cane, and under her silver hair were a pair of silver eyes. Her ancient appearance exuded a deadly still presence akin to death itself.

The last one was a teenager in black. He had an apathetic expression, and his eyes were dull. There were hundreds of wounds on his body, but they were not from the battle just then. They were from some unknown period of time, but they had yet to start healing.

His expression was aloof, and his gaze was icy cold. He felt like a blade that could pierce into everything the master of the fifth kiln wanted, even if the target was the teenager himself.

In his hand he held a head as well. It belonged to Old Ming.

Almighties in Death Realm were practically imperishable existences. However… if five existences even more powerful than those in Death Realm appeared and the fifth kiln suppressed their opponents, then even those in Death Realm… may die. What was more, if the two old men had not brought with them the Book of Life and Death and the Abyss Activation Brush, their levels of cultivation would not have reached Death Realm.

The five living beings with terrifying presences walked by the crowd one step at a time until they passed their companions. When they arrived before Su Ming, they knelt down simultaneously and shouted in a manner that their voices turned into a loud buzz.

“Greetings, My Liege!”

At that moment, it was impossible for Su Ming to not be the center of attention. It was impossible for him to not be an existence akin to a prideful sun, and it was equally impossible for him to not be an existence akin to the brightest star in the universe.

Before him was an endless army of various strange ferocious spirits. It would have been nothing if they were just spirits in World Plane Realm kneeling to Su Ming. Even if they were in Solar Kalpa Realm, it would have still been acceptable. In fact, even if there were in Mastery Realm kneeling to worship Su Ming, the crowd could still somewhat accept it.

However… if those in Fate Realm worshiped him, those in Life Realm submitted to him, and those in Death Realm bowed to him, their actions instantly set off Su Ming’s presence to an indescribable level!

All those who came from True Sacred Yin World had died while all those from the Emperor of Abyss’ True World had their bodies and souls destroyed. This left a bloody sight that filled the entire area, and in an instant, Dao Kong’s name seemed to have been dyed in crimson!

Zi Long shuddered. All those from the Fourth True World around him could no longer remain aloof. When they looked towards Su Ming, their eyes filled with… zealousness!

And beneath it was an unprecedented respect. It was as if the things Su Ming did were an incredibly beautiful, grand feast. They were obsessed with it, and they harbored endless, fervent ardor towards the man who had brought it about.

The ten million cultivators of Morning Dao Sect were silent, staring at the scene in shock. They could no longer think. In fact, with fear in their eyes, the Sect Masters were looking at the densely packed army behind Su Ming whose presence held a mighty pressure. They were also looking at the fifth kiln surrounded by a sea of fire while it floated in the distant sky.

Eventually, all of them looked together towards the five Almighties exuding the terrifying presences behind Su Ming!

The old man in blue had dissipated the ocean trapping Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing. His face was slightly pale, but full of excitement. He rarely felt it due to his age, but not only did he feel it at that moment, he was also filled with great anticipation.

The moment the seal of the ocean dissipated, Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing stared at everything around them blankly with shock on their faces. They might have been temporarily sealed, but they had still been able to see everything.

The scene before them surpassed everything they could have imagined. They had not expected that the strongest attack from the fifth kiln was not its sea of fire, and neither was it its invincible body. Instead… it was the number of enemies which would cause others to fall into despair.

“There are no more outsiders…” Su Ming’s voice was hoarse. When he spoke slowly, he cast his gaze at the old man in blue, then at Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing.

Once he finished saying that, he took a step forward. The countless living beings from the fifth kiln behind him roared together. Once they stood up, they moved together with Su Ming.

A monstrous presence erupted violently from the army, causing the expressions on the pale faces of Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing to immediately change.

“Bald crane, open the path through the barrier for me. I want to meet… the great Dao Chen.”

Su Ming’s voice was hoarse, and it sounded like there was blood contained in it. When he said the final four words, the pain made him feel as if his heart was about to be torn apart.

“Dao Kong, you…” Sect Master Yue had just opened his mouth to speak when a sigh came from a distant sky. With it, a figure walked out from the air.

Needless to say, it was Dao Chen’s disciple, Su Ming’s elder… Sang!

He did not look old, but the feeling of age was contained in his eyes. Hidden in them were amiability and sorrow. He stared at Su Ming while in possession of the present Su Xuan Yi had wanted to give to Su Ming.

But everything had changed completely because of what had happened just then.

“If you want to come, then come. I will take you there, but have them stay here. Alright?” Sang stared at Su Ming quietly. When he spoke, he had subconsciously spoken in the kindly tone which he’d used when he was in Dark Mountain.

A barely noticeable shudder ran through Su Ming’s body. He raised his head and stared at Sang quietly. A long, long time passed, but he did not say a single word. He then simply charged towards Sang.

When Su Ming approached him, Sang sighed softly. He swung his arm, swept up Su Ming, and disappeared from the place.

Su Ming might have left the place used for the Anointment Ceremony in Morning Dao Sect, but the living beings from the fifth kiln stood still with a grim presence spreading out from their bodies. They stared at the area with freezing glares with an air of those who disregarded all rules and laws.

The sky was clear in the area beyond the altar leading to Progenitor Dao Chen’s isolation grounds. There was fresh, green grass. In the distance, white clouds and cranes could be seen in the sky. The fragrance of flowers filled the area, and the sound of a small stream could be. It resembled a song of nature, making the place look… incredibly beautiful.

However, when Su Ming appeared, his fourth personality, the black, dead stillness which corresponded with spring, summer, autumn, and winter instantly cast the sky in shadow and gave the fresh, green plants a dismal air.

The black dead stillness from Su Ming and the vast resentment which could destroy the world caused the white clouds in the area to turn black. The chirping of birds and the fragrance of flowers disappeared and the stream was blanketed, causing this place… to look as if it had descended into hell.

Su Ming stood still. His presence changed the world, and when Sang saw this, he fell silent.

The dead, dreary, still look was in Su Ming’s eyes. However, there was a madness so strong it could burn blood and everything else existing within him. Without a single word, he walked towards the altar. With each step he took, the world would became darker, and at the instant Su Ming stood on the altar, the world went… completely black.

Once he stepped onto the altar, Su Ming lifted his right leg and stomped on it. With a bang, his body disappeared. When he reappeared, he was back in Su Xuan Yi’s isolation grounds, and he saw the figure whose back was turned towards him while seated in a meditating position.

“Why?”

As Su Ming stared at the figure, he felt his heart tear apart once more. His body shuddered, but he did not let out a shocking roar, and neither did he shout in anger. There was only… a murmured question which made him feel as if he was speaking to a stranger.

Su Xuan Yi was silent for a moment. When he spoke, his words were soft and dyed with nostalgia. They echoed in the chamber. “Before your mother and I… were married, we did not know each other.

“But once we were married, she became the only love of my life… When the Fifth True World was destroyed, I was there to see all of my people die. I saw your grandfather and grandmother die, all of my brothers and sisters laugh brokenly in a shrill and forlorn manner. I watched all of our people… self-destruct without care for anything else so that I could leave and protect the Abyss Builders’ glory!

“I saw all this, and just kept watching… and watching… until I brought her and you to Divine Essence Star Ocean with the fifth kiln while I suffered in pain.

“Once I came to Divine Essence Star Ocean, madness was within me. I wanted revenge, I wanted to destroy everything, I wanted for Abyss Builders to rise to power again!

“Eventually, I found a way to break your curse, but just when I was about to complete the procedure, Dao Chen brought all of the cultivators of this True World against us…

“During the battle, your mother died, and… I Possessed Dao Chen and became Dao Chen!

“You asked me before where I was when you needed me. I was here! I was here watching you in silence. I was here, because after I Possessed Dao Chen, I fought against the Sublime Paragon of this True World! No one knew about this battle, because it happened in this chamber!” Su Xuan Yi’s voice echoed with a strange intensity.
