# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1113

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Di Tian still has another secret…”

In the northwestern part of True Morning Dao World was a brilliant, dazzling galaxy. There was a crimson planet there, but even though it looked like it was covered in flames, in reality it was icy cold and filled with a freezing chill that allowed no one to get near it.

Su Ming sat in the space nearby and stared at the strange planet with a freezing glare. A barely noticeable glare shone in his eyes as he mumbled to himself.

“Sublime Paragon’s soul Possessed Di Tian’s physical body, but there was absolutely no need for him to organize the Immortals’ Union to fight against Morning Dao Sect. His relationship with Su Xuan Yi… doesn’t seem to be what I imagined.” Su Ming’s eyes shone with a dark light as he fell into deep thought.

“Oh well, as long as he doesn’t try to set me up again, this has nothing to do with me. What I need to do now is to seize my real physical body back, find my senior brothers… and then go to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World!” A still and aloof expression appeared on Su Ming’s face. He remembered the task given to him by Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing on the jade slip.

“Kill Bai Feng, the Sacred Lady of Phoenix Sect!” Besides telling Su Ming to come to this place and wait for the gathering of troops, the jade slip had only had that one sentence.

Su Ming remained silent for a time before he slowly closed his eyes. His presence completely disappeared, making it look as if he had died.

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor surveyed his surroundings, and Zhu You Cai quietly sat down cross-legged with his eyes closed. The Abyss Dragon and the bald crane whispered to each other, though no one knew what they were discussing. However, based on how their eyes sparkled, it was clear that they were very excited.

Days passed. When Su Ming left Morning Dao Sect for about half a month, a piercing light suddenly burst forth from the crimson planet in front of him.

At the instant the light shone, Su Ming opened his eyes. When he looked in its direction, he heard the planet let out a loud bang before exploding out of nowhere.

When a violent impact swept outwards, it turned into a roaring violent gust of wind. The instant Su Ming saw the planet shatter and heard the booming sounds reverberate in space, he found that the power generated when the planet collapsed did not spread outwards, but instead turned into a huge black hole.

Booming sounds continued without end. At the instant the vortex appeared, groups of cultivators dressed in armor walked out from the black hole with aloof gazes.

Each cultivator had murderous aura spreading out from their body. There was a brilliant glare in their eyes, making it clear that they were not ordinary cultivators. Su Ming could sense a great, bloody aura around their bodies. Almost every single cultivator in the area was a cold-blooded War Immortal who had already killed countless living beings.

They had clearly used the power from the collapse of a planet to activate a Relocation Rune that expanded to an unknown territory and instantly Relocated all the cultivators in Morning Dao Sect who should gather to the designated place.

In the blink of an eye, more than a million cultivators walked out of the black hole. They stood close to each other, and the grim air spreading out of them seemed to be able to freeze the galaxy. Once they walked out, they formed square arrays made up of one million people each and stood tall in front of Su Ming.

In time, more cultivators walked out, and warships exuding waves of mighty pressure came after them. This entire process lasted for most of the day before it gradually came to an end.

When the tremors calmed down, there were already more than five million cultivators in front of Su Ming. There was no end to the sea formed from this many people.

Above them were more than one hundred thousand warships. They drifted in space slowly. Behind them were nearly ten thousand huge stone platforms which were one hundred thousand feet wide. Further into the distance were thousands of gigantic beasts who were howling at the heavens. There was a chain on each one, and they were all tied to… a planet even further behind them!

A whole planet had come from within the black hole. It shone with a seven-colored light, and waves of terrifying, mighty pressure spread out from it.

“Dynast Dao Kong!” A velvety voice with a lackadaisical tone spread out from the planet shining with the seven-colored light. Immediately, the five million cultivators in the area let out a low growl simultaneously.

The roar shook the sky and earth and caused the galaxy to tremble. A large number of cracks tore through space, and they formed an indescribable, awe-inspiring air that seemed to want to suppress Su Ming.

“The five million cultivators from the Earthen Pole of the two Heaven and Earthen Poles in War Chamber welcome Dynast Dao Kong to come forth and supervise the war.” Once the velvety voice spoke once more, the five million cultivators in the area let out another howl.

This time, it was even stronger. When it traveled outwards, the five million cultivators let out their cultivation bases. A heinous, murderous aura erupted from all of them at the same time.

The murderous aura was so thick that it seemed like it was about to gain corporeal form. It turned into countless vengeful souls which could only be detected by divine sense. Once they appeared in the galaxy, they roared at Su Ming.

If it was anyone else in his place and even if their levels of cultivation were higher, their hearts would tremble in the face of the murderous aura formed by the five million cultivators from the War Chamber, and they would be so intimidated that they would be forced back. In fact, their hearts and souls would even be injured.

It was the case for Flame Fiends’ Progenitor who stood behind Su Ming and whose expression had change. His face had instantly went pale. The Abyss Dragon shuddered, stunned. As for Zhu You Cai, his pupils shrank, but his expression remained the same.

The bald crane yawned. Putting on a face as if it regarded all of this in disdain, it mumbled a few words under its breath.

As for Su Ming, there was not a single hint of change on his face. In fact, even his pupils did not shrink. With just one glance, he could tell that the War Chamber’s intentional intimidation was clearly a warning. They wanted him to know that even though he was a Dynast and had come to supervise the war, he was not to be too presumptuous.

They also showed their fangs so that Su Ming would know… that they were not to be easily provoked!

In fact, Su Ming could even tell that it did not matter whether it was the army of cultivators in front of him, the warships floating in space, or even the more powerful cultivators sitting on the floating stone platforms, most of these people had a scornful, aloof look hidden in their eyes as they stared at him while releasing their cultivation bases and murderous aura.

They clearly looked down on him. They only acknowledged real strength, and even if most of them had heard of the things which happened during the Anointment Ceremony in Morning Dao Sect, there were certain things that people would not believe unless they saw it with their own eyes. This was more common among people who were stronger. The stronger they were, the more they would act like this.

There were plenty of people among the five million cultivators who believed that there were falsehoods in the story about what had happened during the Anointment Ceremony.

“Pardon us. I hope that you will not mind, Your Highness. All of my cultivators only acknowledge powerful warriors. If they showed any form of disrespect to you, I hope that you will not hate them on behalf of how they had killed countless cultivators from the Immortals’ Union over the past one thousand something years.

“In truth, I really do not want to tell you this, but even if you hate them, it is useless,” the lackadaisical, velvety voice said as usual, and most of the five million cultivators in the area laughed loudly.

“Alright, let us welcome our Dynast Dao Kong, the Dynast who will supervise us Earthen Pole while we fight.”

Once the last words were spoken, the laughter came to an abrupt halt. An intense, grim presence spread through the air. The cultivators in front of Su Ming instantly moved, and the formation of ten thousand people moved as if it was one body. Booming sounds shook the heavens as the cultivators changed their battle formation in front of Su Ming. They made a path for him through the crowd that would allow him to walk towards the planet in the distance.

However, the invisible, murderous aura coming from all the cultivators was gathered on both sides of the path.

Su Ming cast the group of cultivators a cold glance. He took a step forward, and the instant it landed, the power of those in Mastery Realm erupted from his body, causing the galaxy to shudder. The mighty pressure formed by the five million cultivators in front of him immediately shuddered.

As Su Ming moved closer, the power of his cultivation base grew stronger. With just the power of one person, he fought against the mighty pressure formed by the five million cultivators. When each step he took, a loud bang rose into space, which came from the many cultivators around him stepping back simultaneously!

At that instant, the eyes of the cultivators on the warships above, on the stone platforms, and the backs of the huge beasts shone brilliantly. With surprise, all of them stared at Su Ming.

“How impressive, Your Highness. All of you bastards in War Chamber, let Dynast Dao Kong see your bloodlust!”

When the velvety voice came from the planet once more, the five million cultivators immediately roared at the same time. Their murderous aura was released without any restraint, and it was much stronger than before. This murderous aura could make laws fall back, the heavens close their eyes, and fill the entire area with chill as cold as midwinter!

It was so strong that it immediately caused the expression of Flame Fiends’ Progenitor to change. In fact, a solemn expression appeared even on Zhu You Cai’s face.

He had heard about Morning Dao Sect’s War Chamber before. It was a solid blade formed by a group of maniacs, and they were Morning Dao Sect’s strongest force against those beyond the True World.

They were stationed at the borders all year long. When there were enemies, they would train while they fought, and when there were no enemies, they would practice their cultivation while fighting against each other. In their fights, they would cared not whether the other party would come out alive or dead.

They were Morning Dao Sect’s War Chamber, the ones whose name shook all four Great True Worlds!

The War Chamber was divided into the Heaven and Earthen Poles. Each had five million cultivators, and the ones leading them were two cultivators so strong they were terrifying, and only those who were worthy in the four Great True Worlds knew their names—Poison Fang and Wild Dog.

Poison Fang led the Heaven Pole, and just like the nickname given to him by others, he was incredibly vicious!

Wild Dog led the Earthen Pole, and he was extremely despicable. Wherever he went, no grass would grow from the heinous slaughter he’d committed.

Su Ming cast a cold glare at the murderous aura spreading out from the five million cultivators, and dark light shone in his eyes. During that instant, an astonishing murderous aura erupted from his own body. It had grown little by little with each living being he killed in his life, and it was so strong that it caused the universe to rumble. The expressions of the five million cultivators changed drastically the moment they sensed it!

They could sense that it was impossible to count how many beings had died by Su Ming’s hand. Forget the destruction of True Sacred Yin World’s camp and the slaughter of tens of thousands of cultivators from the Immortals’ Union, just the slaughter of the swarm of Waves of Tears in Divine Essence Star Ocean would have been enough to shock everyone.
