# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1114

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming’s murderous aura might not have been able to compare with the murderous aura formed together by the five million cultivators from War Chamber, but at the instant it spread out, it still managed to suppress the flames from the War Chamber’s Earthen Pole!

Su Ming had both a powerful cultivation base and a heinous murderous aura. During that instant, the dead stillness in his eyes caused his body to exude a malicious presence. It made seem like he no longer possessed any spirit, which meant there was only darkness within him.

He walked slowly through the path made by the five million cultivators towards the planet in the distance.

Wherever he went, the hearts of the cultivators from the War Chamber around him would tremble. The people had stepped back together, and when they stared at Su Ming, their eyes were filled with shock. They were cultivators who had gone through hundreds of wars, and their hands were stained with large quantities of blood. They had slaughtered mercilessly, and because of that, they could sense even more clearly the murderous aura and killing intent exuded by Su Ming.

His murderous aura was so thick that it surpassed the ones possessed by many of them. In fact, they had a feeling that the one walking towards them was not a cultivator, but a primitive beast from ancient times. It seemed to have walked out of a sea of blood, and with each step, its foot would stomp on the hearts of the five million people. Their hearts beat loudly, and they felt oppressed, which was something they felt rarely.

But that was not all. Besides the murderous aura and his cultivation base, there was also an indescribable malice about Su Ming. It seemed to contain the source of all ghastliness in the universe. The viciousness of it made it seem like it could twist a person’s personality so that someone yearning for brightness and hope would give up on all of their desires and become a person who disregarded all laws.

To the cultivators who boasted of their own integrity, this was the greatest source of evil in the universe. It was something they could not accept and something they desired greatly to destroy. However, the five million cultivators in the War Chamber’s Earthen Pole filled with a fervent ardor, and slowly, thoughts of respect formed. The presence had shaken them, and a desire to get closer to it grew in them.

The War Chamber’s Earthen Pole prioritized slaughter, and each of one of its cultivators respected powerful warriors who slaughtered in an even more maniacal fashion than them, which was why… the instant they sensed Su Ming’s murderous aura and his cultivation base, they had instinctively moved back. During that instant, the shock in their eyes slowly turned into respect.

Just like that, without a single word, Su Ming moved forward slowly. He walked through the path formed by the five million cultivators. Before him, the cultivators moved back, and behind him, the cultivators lowered their heads to worship him.

This was a form of respect towards powerful warriors who’d slaughtered even more beings than them and who exuded an extremely malicious presence. Others might not understand this form of respect, but this was the first form of acknowledgement from the War Chamber!

When Su Ming reached the end of the long path revealed by the five million cultivators, everyone behind him bowed to him. Su Ming walked past the warships above him and past the numerous platforms. He went past the countless huge beasts, and eventually… he stepped onto the planet which was filled with the seven-colored light. There, he saw a towering platform!

The platform was pentagonal in shape, and it was extremely huge. In fact, when he cast his gaze over it, he saw that there were countless platforms like it. They surrounded the largest one at the center while covering the whole planet.

On the largest platform were four people.

One of them stood at the front, two at the back, and one in the center!

The one in front was dressed in a full-body armor. His face could not be seen, but his white hair danced in the air. He stood silent with a shocking murderous aura coming from his body. Countless vengeful spirits existed within it, and their existences shook the sky and earth.

However, his murderous aura was still unable to compare to that of Su Ming.

The two people behind were also dressed in armor. In their hands they held great swords whose tips pierced through the ground. They stood silently, but their heads were lifted, and the eyes under their masks were filled with callousness and mercilessness. It was an indifference to all the living, an arrogant conceitedness that could allow a person to destroy a planet without batting an eye.

Surrounded by these three people was a middle-aged man who was sitting cross-legged on the platform. There was an ancient table before him that held a pot of wine. He was drinking it by himself.

The man was as fair as a piece of jade, and he looked incredibly handsome. However… there was a long scar on his face. It was a hideous shade of flesh-like red, taking away handsomeness of the man’s features and replaced them with a strangely enchanting, ferocious appearance.

His eyebrows were long, but if anyone looked closely, they would find that they were drawn. His face was pale, but similarly, if anyone looked closely, they would find that it was applied with makeup as well.

His eyes were long and narrow, just like the eyes of a phoenix. Once he drank a mouthful of wine, he stared at Su Ming walking towards him from the sky.

“For once, a rumor in Morning Dao Sect is real. I didn’t expect that such a Star of Disaster would appear this time.”

The man smiled. His voice was as velvety as before. He raised his right hand and swung it at the table. Immediately, a second wine cup appeared, right across from his own cup.

“With such a murderous aura, you deserve the War Chamber’s acknowledgement. Let me treat you to a drink.” The man chuckled softly while pointing forward.

Su Ming stared coldly at the man who smelled of makeup, then suddenly narrowed his eyes. There was not a hint of any sort of murderous aura about the man, but Su Ming could clearly sense a presence of a wild dog that stood above the souls of countless corpses while it devoured their flesh and blood and tore through their souls.

Wild dogs were weak creatures that existed in many planets. They were so weak that mortals who were slightly stronger could kill them.

However, wild dogs also possessed great offensive abilities. They were mortal creatures filled with a ruthless and brutal air. In Dao Kong’s memories, no one knew the name of the leader of the War Chamber’s Earthen Pole. He only had a nickname… Wild Dog.

Su Ming did not speak. He walked until he reached the table, then with a swing of his arm, he sat down cross-legged.

Immediately, the head of a crane which had a sleazy expression popped up from behind him. It twitched its nose, then its eyes instantly brightened up. It walked out and seized the pot of wine with its claw, then started taking large swigs from it.

“A Fiend Wine brewed by vengeful souls. Darn it all, this is good stuff. It can nourish this Grandpa Crane’s soul~”

The bald crane finished drinking the pot and swayed to turn into an old man with an Immortal air beside Su Ming. With a dry cough, it looked as if it wanted to say something, but it suddenly felt that its appearance did not seem to fit with the ghastly atmosphere. Even though there was a seven-colored light spreading out from the entire planet, it did nothing but gave the area an even more bizarre air.

The ghastliness and the murderous aura as well as the vengeful souls from beyond the planet gave a thought to the bald crane. It moved again, and this time, it turned into a ferocious-looking bald man.

The middle-aged man, who was the leader of the War Chamber’s Earthen Pole, stared at the bald crane with a look of great interest. A smile appeared on his face. However, it caused the scar on his face to twitch, which made his smile look incredibly ghastly.

He clapped his hands, and immediately, shadows manifested in the air beside him. When they closed in, they placed eight pots of wine on the table.

The bald crane’s eyes brightened. It licked its lips, then grabbed one of the pots and started drinking in big gulps.

Su Ming’s expression remained the same as ever. Not a single change could be detected. The middle-aged man cast a glance at the bald crane, then back at Su Ming.

“My name is Wild Dog,” the man said with a smile and picked up his cup. “I don’t know what your mission is. The only order I obtained is to have the War Chamber’s Earthen Pole enter the Immortals’ Union from the third warzone.

“On the way, we will run into more than thirty races from the Immortals’ Union. We might meet some bizarre and strange existences, but no matter what we run into it, the War Chamber will bring you to the end of the third warzone, where the galaxy serving as the core of the territory belonging to the Immortals’ Union lies.

“This is the order given to me. No matter what mission you were given, I wish you success.” When the man spoke, he finished the wine in his cup.

He then swung his right hand, and an illusory picture appeared in the air beside him. It showed a map, and it contained all the regions of True Morning Dao Sect.

“This is the core of the Immortals’ Union.” As he spoke, the man pointed forward with his right hand, and immediately, a spot appeared on the map. Su Ming stared at it without saying a single word.

“This was also where the Immortals’ forces of power were in the past. You can say that this is where their main camp was. Right now, besides the Immortals, Phoenix Sect has also moved there.”

Su Ming remained as calm as ever. As he stared at the spot, the third eye suddenly appeared at the center of his brows. The map was instantly magnified endlessly before his eyes, and in a moment, he saw Yin Death Region lying in the region which had belonged solely to the Immortals, and in the deepest parts of the area was a darkness. Su Ming was familiar with that place; it was where his real physical body was suppressed.

When the man saw the third eye appear at the center of Su Ming’s brows, he narrowed his eyes slightly, then lifted his right hand and swung it. Immediately, the map disappeared.

At that moment, a gold ray of light appeared in the sky above the planet which looked like it had shot through the boundless galaxy to reach the place. It erupted with a bang, dyeing the universe in gold.

“The Order of Golden Dawn has arrived. War Chamber’s Earthen Pole, march at full speed!” the man immediately said as a brilliant light shone in his eyes.

His voice was gentle, but it instantly traveled beyond the planet and landed in all the cultivators’ ears. The five million people immediately roared towards the sky together. The warships charged forth, the giant beasts roared, piercing light erupted from the platforms, and they turned into long arcs with the five million cultivators to bring forth a picture that could cover even the universe itself as they charged forward at full speed.

The seven-colored planet let out a loud bang, and the huge beasts pulled it forward. The entire planet moved as quickly as a meteor, a telling sign of how quick were the cultivators surrounding it.

The man smiled faintly, picked up a pot of wine, poured himself a cup, and started drinking. A pensive look appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. After a moment, he stood up.

“Since that is the case, I will leave once we arrive. Thank you for escorting me.” Su Ming nodded at the man, then changed into the distance, immediately disappearing from the place. When he reappeared, he was already at the peak of a mountain on the other side of the planet.

As for the bald crane, with a great reluctance to leave, it swept up all the pots of wine and quickly chased after Su Ming.

The man smiled faintly and stared at the spot Su Ming had just vacated.

“He knows that I don’t welcome him. At least he’s a tactful Dynast.” The man swung his right arm, and another pot of wine appeared on the table.
