# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1115

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming sat on a mountain in the planet with the seven-colored lights. When he lifted his head to look at the sky, he found that there were no clouds, only a muddled scene that looked like flowing streams of water. It was somewhat similar to fog.

As it flowed by swiftly, starlight would occasionally squeeze through, but it would disappear in a flash, just like how Yu Xuan had disappeared from Morning Dao Sect.

Su Ming’s face was slightly pale. He held his chest with his right hand while sharp stabs of pain came from within, causing grief and sadness to appear in his eyes.

After he left Morning Dao Sect, he once asked himself… what he still had left.

Everything in Dark Mountain was fake. His elder was Su Xuan Yi’s disciple. His Master, Tian Xie Zi, had clearly also become Su Xuan Yi’s chess piece and shared the same fate as the first God of Berserkers. His three senior brothers were lost in the endless mass of people in the universe, and he could not find them.

Bai Ling was his first love, but now that he looked at it, that love was fake. Everything contained falsehoods, making him remember his desire to walk out of the land of Berserkers and see the universe outside.

Di Tian had used him. Su Xuan Yi had treated him like a chess piece. His mother was immersed in the fifth kiln. When Su Ming turned his head back to look at his own life, there was always a huge hand that willfully manipulated his destiny time and again.

If it had been anyone else, Su Ming would not have been so emotionally affected, but the source of it all was not anyone else… but his own father.

Su Xuan Yi was not wrong. In his position, his actions were not wrong. How could a person who descended into madness to make his people rise to power once more be wrong? Su Ming might not agree with his logic of not having a home without kin, but it was just as he said, Su Ming did not hate him. He only resented him.

What did Su Ming have to hate about a man who sacrificed everything he had for his people to raise to power once more? After all, he could understand it. However, he could not accept that he had been a chess piece since birth, and that all of his friends had become Su Xuan Yi’s chess pieces simply because they got close to him.

This was what he refused to accept.

Yu Xuan…

Su Ming wanted to go to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World and search for her, but what right did he have to go there? His righteous ardor? His recklessness? With Su Ming’s level of cultivation, it was a simple fact that he could not go to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World to save Yu Xuan.

Su Ming understood this. If he wanted to go to the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, then the first thing he needed to do was to fuse with his real physical body so that his level of cultivation would rise. Only then could he succeed in saving Yu Xuan!

After all, he knew that he only had one chance, just one chance.

“It looks like a brilliant life, but it’s all just a joke,” Su Ming mumbled in anguish. He did not want things to be this way, he did not want to accept them being this way, and was still trying to control his destiny, but in the end, he found out that he was still sent around by someone else.

“I just… want to understand what is going on. If you let me understand and didn’t use my friends, I would have helped you wholeheartedly, father. For your ideals, I would have given up everything.

“Is this… too much to ask?” Su Ming asked softly while staring at the moving sky.

“I just… want a home.” Su Ming lowered his head and closed his eyes, stopping his tears from flowing down his cheeks.

“Is it really… too much to ask?”

Wind blew past Su Ming’s body. After a long, long while, he opened his eyes. They were unfocused, and his heart was filled with dreariness. A deep wave of loneliness washed over him.

This loneliness came from his soul and his age. It lingered for a long time and refused to leave. The reason for it was that he was alone, but it had nothing to do with any desire for love. He was a wanderer who did not have a home sitting on a mountain while he was surrounded by an army of five million cultivators from the War Chamber’s Earthen Pole and mumbling about the one thing he longed for the most in his life… a home.

“For my family, I could overturn the galaxy and give up on everything. I just want… a home.”

Su Ming sighed softly. That sigh contained his loneliness and desolation. When he opened his eyes, he stared at the sky and shook his head. He understood that what he desired might be the simplest thing to obtain for other people, but for him, it was incredibly difficult.

In silence, Su Ming patted his storage bag with his right hand. Immediately, a three-leafed grass appeared on his palm. He had obtained this item in the fifth kiln, and it was something that could allow a person to sense the laws of fate.

“Control the fates of the world around you and control your own fate… Fate…” Su Ming mumbled. After stared at the blade of grass for a time, he closed his eyes again. He could only hide his loneliness and bury his sadness as well as his desolation. He had to remain strong, because everything in the future was fated. He had to continue becoming stronger so that he could truly be in control of everything.

He would use the power that controlled the universe to create his own home!

At that moment, a determination that would no longer be swayed rose in Su Ming!

“I will have a home… a home where I will have a father, a mother, the elder, my friends, my Master, a lover, and all the people I am familiar with.

“Even if the universe is destroyed, even if Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos falls, even if Saint Defier and Dark Dawn go to war, even if disaster falls and calamities come one after another, and even if I have to experience countless reincarnations… I will create a home that belongs to me!

“This is my Dao, my life. I will create this home. Even if this home is in the Abyssal World [1], I will create it on my own!”

The blade of grass in Su Ming’s hand shuddered when a will so firm it could affect one’s whole life rose in Su Ming’s heart. Gradually, it turned into threads of green light that fused into Su Ming’s palm and gradually disappeared without a trace. At that moment, Su Ming opened his eyes, and as determination appeared in them, a presence akin to spring surrounded him.

At that moment, the soul of the Abyss Builders in Su Ming let out an astonishing roar.

In the mid of it, Su Ming’s soul started boiling. All his blood turned into complicated runic symbols. They flowed through him, and his soul also turned into a large number of runic symbols.

In fact, there were also illusory ones around him. They surrounded his body, and in an instant, they turned into a storm.

When rumbling sounds reverberated in the air, the bald crane widened its eyes beside Su Ming and swiftly retreated.

“The presence of the Abyss… the celestial origin energy of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos… the reason behind Saint Defier and Dark Dawn fighting over this place… It lies between light and darkness… A power that can bring forth light and dark with a single thought…”

The bald crane shuddered. A muddled look appeared in its eyes, and something seemed to have appeared again among its scattered memories, causing it to instinctively mumble under its breath before pain appeared on its face. The bald head seized its head tightly and moved back with a loud screech.

During that instant, long arcs shone in the sky, and Zhu You Cai as well as Flame Fiends’ Progenitor arrived to protect the area around Su Ming. Much to their shock, they saw him being surrounded by a storm made of runic symbols.

They could clearly sense a power and presence they could not describe within that storm. It was incredibly strange. It was not strong, but it possessed a power that made even Zhu You Cai feel as if his soul and body were trembling.

The effect was even more prominent on Flame Fiends’ Progenitor. He stared at the runic symbol around Su Ming in a state of great shock, because he realized… that there was… the feeling of the celestial origin of Flame Fiends’ lives contained in one of the countless runic symbols.

It was as if one of them symbolized all of the Flame Fiends!

Yet it was so insignificant in the storm as if it was just a drop in an ocean!

“What is this?!”

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor and Zhu You Cai were not the only ones reacting this way at that moment. The man known as Wild Dog and the three armored people beside him on the planet jolted simultaneously. In shock, they stared in the direction of Su Ming’s mountain. Their breathing quickened. They were far from that mountain, but it was precisely because they were so far away that they could clearly sense… something that resembled a power of their souls. But instead of resonating with them individually, it came from the soul of their races!

The expression of the middle-aged man who was drinking by himself changed swiftly at that moment. He looked in Su Ming’s direction, and his right hand quivered faintly. A huge storm raged in his heart. He belonged to a race which had vanished from the universe, so he had long been the only one left.

Yet at that moment, he could sense… the soul of his race from Su Ming’s direction!

“What’s going on?!” The middle-aged man’s breathing quickened. The five million cultivators from the War Chamber’s Earthen Pole beyond the planet came to an abrupt halt and turned their heads back to look at the seven-colored planet. During that moment, those who came from different races sensed the presences and souls of their races from the seven-colored planet!

Dao Ocea, which was in Morning Dao Sect, had begun raging at that moment. The sea of fog howled, and the surface of the sea turned into a huge face. It belonged to the Predecessor of Dao Ocean, and a brilliant light shone in his eyes.

“Another person opened the Abyss Gate. I wonder… what sort of will is contained in his Abyss Gate. I wonder how much it’ll grow. Will he eventually assimilate with all the other people who opened the Abyss Gate… or will he truly be able to open the door… leading to a uniform will?!”

At the same time, Su Xuan Yi shuddered while seated. His eyes flew open, and when he cast his gaze on the chamber, he looked as if he could see through space and see everything that he wished to see.

“One of the three great inborn abilities of our race… opening the Abyss Gate,” Su Xuan Yi mumbled. After some time, he sensed the presence of Su Ming’s Abyss Gate, and anguish gradually appeared on his face.

“The will to protect… the desire for a family… Ming Er, one of these days… I will definitely make up to you… I will…”

Translator’s Note:

1. Abyssal World: Mentioned before that Abyss Builders will open their own Abyssal World.
