# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1119

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming did not attack. He sat on the mountain on the seven-colored planet, and with sparkling eyes, he stared at the planet in the distance. With his level of cultivation, he could see everything on the battlefield clearly.

Most of the time, his gaze landed on the two black-robed people, and when he narrowed his gaze, great fighting spirit was hidden within it.

He had fought against their companion before, but that was in an illusion and not real. Back then, he had killed the black-robed man, but a lot of time had passed since then, and Su Ming had become much stronger. Because of it, he wanted to know just what would happen when he faced off against the black-robed people and the Ancient Gods with the seven stars at the center of their brows.

‘I wonder would I get more from absorbing an Ancient God’s life force and soul, or a planet’s?’ As brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes, and the fighting spirit in him grew even stronger.

The battle beyond the planet continued. Booming sounds echoed without end in space. The number of deaths on both sides was incredibly great. After all, this time, the cultivators of the War Chamber had to face off against another considerably large and powerful army from the Immortals’ Union.

It had been formed by amassing the elites of all races.

In the mid of the rumbling, Su Ming could hear Wild Dog’s enraged roars coming from the planet.

“Damn those hundreds of eyes from Phoenix Sect! With them around, all our actions can be seen clearly! Someone get over there and get rid of all those those eyes!”

The instant Wild Dog’s roars echoed in the air, hundreds of cultivators charged forward from the warships. They were so quick that they instantly went past the battlefield.

Yet the instant they drew close to the eyeballs, dozens of Immortals flew out from the tower of the Immortals’ Union. With a swing of their arms, countless Sun Destroying Lightnings charged forward. Booming sounds surged into the air, and the hundreds of cultivators from the War Chamber immediately coughed up blood and fell back.

At almost the same moment, three figures flew out from the platforms behind the War Chamber’s warships. They charged toward the eyeballs with their ripples of power surpassing those in Mastery Realm. They belonged to those in Fate Realm.

However, right when they approached the area, a cold harrumph reverberated in space from among the cultivators of the Immortals’ Union around the tower. Three ancient old men moved, exuding power that was equivalent to those in Fate Realm. They charged towards the trio from the War Chamber, and as loud rumbling sounds shot into the air, the six people fought against each other before rushing higher into the heavens to open another battlefield above the main one below.

“Damn it!”

Wild Dog growled, and his voice echoed in the seven-colored planet. Su Ming narrowed his eyes slightly. He had seen the hundreds of Sun Destroying Lightnings previously, and his heart instantly began pounding in excitement. At that moment, he stood up swiftly.

“I’ll help you!”

When he said that, his voice echoed in the planet, a glint shone in the furious Wild Dog’s eyes. By then, Su Ming had already turned into a long arc. With a loud whistle, he rushed out of the planet and charged towards the hundreds of Eyes of the Sacred Temple.

His appearance immediately caught the attention of the sharp-witted people on the battlefield, especially the man with a lackadaisical expression on his face who was currently on the tower belonging to the Immortals’ Union. He had his hands placed behind his back, and there was a gigantic ball of light in front of him. In it was a reflection of almost every single corner of the battlefield, showing him everything that happened in it.

He cast a glance at Su Ming in the ball of light before a glint appeared in his eyes. His lips curled up into a cold sneer.

“A direct descendant of Morning Dao Sect…”

At the instant he was about to send his order, his eyes suddenly focused. When Su Ming moved, he instantly crossed an endless distance to appear right next to the hundreds of eyeballs.

This speed caused the man to frown.

“Kill that person!”

The instant he gave the command, the dozens of Immortals immediately sported a sparkle in their eyes. At the instant Su Ming drew close to them, they charged out, and when they raised their right hands, dozens of Sun Destroying Lightnings could be found on each of their hands. They threw all of them simultaneously.

It was nearly one hundred Sun Destroying Lightnings. Any one of them could injure a cultivator in Solar Kalpa Realm, and with nearly one hundred of them around, even those in Mastery Realm would have to dodge. They could not challenge them directly.

However, a ferocious smile appear on Su Ming’s lips. He had been waiting for the Sun Destroying Lightnings all this while. The moment they came charging towards him, he raised his right hand and swung his arm. Ecang’s presence erupted from him, and in a single moment, it enveloped all of the near one hundred Sun Destroying Lightnings.

There were no rumbles, no tremors, only the near one hundred Sun Destroying Lightnings fusing together to turn into drops of faint golden blood that merged together. Su Ming sucked them in with his next breath.

A loud bang came from his body. As he swiftly fused with the blood, his spirits lifted. While the Immortals were stunned, he swiftly moved forward, and he was so quick that he instantly closed in on one of them.

He then raised his right hand and struck the center of that cultivator’s brows. His actions could not even be seen with the naked eye. With another move, he appeared in front of the second cultivator and did the same thing. After he disappeared and reappeared in a flash for a dozen times, only then did a loud bang raise into space. The dozen-something cultivators immediately withered and turned into ashes. Their storage bags also instantaneously vanished when a black ray of light shot past them.

The bald crane’s excited expression was hidden in the black light. With a flash, it rushed towards another direction on the battlefield.

Killing a dozen something Immortals was as easy as breathing to Su Ming. At the instant they died, he raised his right hand and seized space. Immediately, the hundreds of Eyes of the Sacred Temple trembled, and numerous blood capillaries instantly showed up.

At that moment, a cold harrumph came from the camp which belonged to the Immortals’ Union. The noise had been made in the distance, but the figure stepped in space to instantly appear beside Su Ming. It was a red-faced old man with a big and burly body. He looked incredibly sturdy and did not seem like an aged person. Based on his back alone, he resembled a strong and healthy man.

His hair was graying though. At the instant he closed in, the power of those belonging to Life Realm erupted from him, and it turned into a mighty pressure that charged towards Su Ming before pressing down on him.

“Kneel!”

The old man’s voice was like a tidal wave. When it reverberated in space, it was deafening, but at the instant that mighty pressure attacked Su Ming, he did not pay any attention to the old man in Life Realm. Instead, with a glint in his eyes, he cast a glance at the two black-robed people beyond the tower of the Immortals’ Union. They did not seem to intend to join the battle, or rather, the time for them to attack had yet to arrive. Su Ming narrowed his eyes, and a sinister smile appeared on his lips.

“Slaughtering my way in will be a little hard, but luring the both of you here… won’t be difficult!”

The bald crane’s eyes shone at that moment. Immediately, a black light that surged into the heavens erupted from its body as well as that of Su Ming!

Light of Extreme Darkness!

With a loud whoosh, the black light covered the entire galaxy and enveloped the old man. His expression changed drastically, and a chill went down his back that made even his heart tremble. But that was not all. Besides the chill, the old man also felt as if countless arrows had shot through his whole body. The intense pain made him unable to move his body even a single bit.

At the instant the Light of Extreme Darkness appeared, Su Ming moved. When he brought his right hand up, he did not attack the old man. Instead, he seized space, and as booming sounds reverberated intensely, the hundreds of Eyes of the Sacred Temple collapsed simultaneously. As each eyeball shattered, pained screams rang out, and a person flew out from inside. However, they did not manage to get far away before their bodies trembled. Their life force and souls were instantaneously extracted, and they were reduced to ashes.

“Good!” Wild Dog, who had been observing all along from the seven-colored planet, instantly shouted out with delight.

Without any hesitation, he swiftly issued a series of orders and had the army of the War Chamber to change their battle tactics. Using the most opportune time presented to them when the Eyes of the Sacred Temple had disappeared from the Immortals’ Union, the cultivators of the War Chamber instantly changed their battle formation and executed an even stronger attack.

As for the Immortals’ Union, their army was caught in a slight chaos. The War Chamber had grown stronger while the Immortals’ Union became weaker, and for a short period of time, it was forced back repeatedly.

“Who is that?!”

The lackadaisical man had an extremely solemn expression on his face at that moment. Killing intent shone in his eyes, but just as he was about to send an order, his expression suddenly changed. He saw one of the two Grand Immortals [1], the black-robed people with noble statuses, move forward on his own.

The two black-robed people belonged to the core of the Immortals’ Union, and they were Immortals who came from the Higher Realm. They had descended among them from the vast and eternal pillar of light in the boundless universe. They had noble statuses, and no one could order them around. Even the council of the Immortals’ Union would not dare to do so.

They were allies, but the black-robed people had joined the war on their own accord and mostly observed the battles. Only when they believed that they should attack did they attack.

At that moment, when the man noticed that one of the black-robed people had moved forward, a smile appeared on his face. He knew that the direct descendant of Morning Dao Sect who had destroyed the Eyes of the Sacred Temple was no longer any of his concern.

He had once seen the Grand Immortals attack, and he could not forget their strength even up to this date. It was especially so in regards to their divine abilities. Once the Grand Immortals attacked, the universe would definitely change.

“Interesting, I didn’t expect to see Sir Kong Mo’s Light of Extreme Darkness in this place!”

With contempt on his face and an arrogant superiority of an Immortal who had descended to the mortal world, the black-robed man moved forward. As with space opening up a path for him, he rushed towards the Light of Extreme Darkness.

At that moment, the Light of Extreme Darkness vanished. Su Ming intentionally put on a look of panic and retreated, intending to put an even wider distance between him and the tower. As he moved back, the paralyzed old man in Life Realm roared. Just as he was about to force himself to chase after him, the black-robed man walked past him.

“Stand down. This is my prey.” His voice was flat and with an air of superiority.

When the black-robed man walked past the old man to chase after Su Ming, the old man in Life Realm froze. His expression changed repeatedly before he forced himself to extinguish all the flames of anger in him. He turned around, and with a dark expression, he charged back to the tower without saying a single word.

Su Ming moved so quickly that he instantly left into the distance. The black-robed man behind him had a look of contempt on his face. With each step, he would cross a boundless distance, and with just three steps, he had already caught up to Su Ming, who was already a great distance away from the tower. They were already at the edge of the battlefield.

“You won’t be able to escape. Be good and let me capture you, then I will search through your memories. I will know how a barbarian and a savage like you managed to practice and produce the Light of Extreme Darkness.”

There was arrogance in the black-robed man’s voice. He made it sound as if the moment he attacked, all the cultivators in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos were not allowed to fight back, or else they would commit a heinous crime!

Translator’s Note:

1. Grand Immortal: Mentioned in ISSTH Chapter 1087.
