# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1121

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming squeezed the black-robed man’s neck tightly and asked by his ear, “Who was it that allowed all of you to descend to Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos?!”

“You barbarian, even if you’ve mastered the power that is nearly to the Third Step’s completion, you are still a barbarian!” the black-robed man cried out shrilly. Once he had his neck seized by Su Ming, his cultivation base started disappearing swiftly before it was instantly emptied. His life force and soul were being rapidly sucked out of his body, and this feeling of weakness reminded him of the time when he was still a mortal.

“Who allowed you to descend to Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos?!” Su Ming asked again, and a strange glare showed up in his eyes. When the black-robed man saw this, he laughed fiercely, and his face filled with scorn.

“No one can search through our souls. Even if you are near the Third Step’s completion, you are still unworthy of searching through our souls! You want the answer?! Haha! Then look for it yourself!”

As the black-robed man laughed, Su Ming suddenly smiled faintly. The third eye at the center of his brows opened, and the instant that strange and bewitching eye showed up, he said softly, “Thank you.”

At the instant Su Ming said these two words, the third eye at the center of his brows shone with a mystifying and enchanting light. When he looked over, the black-robed man’s eyes were instantly magnified endlessly. With a loud whoosh, the were magnified an unknown amount of times, and Su Ming saw a figure at the depths of the pupils.

The eyes were windows to a person’s soul. A person’s personality and soul could be seen through them. This was not any sort of divine ability. In fact, even some of the old mortals who had gone through many ups and downs in their lives could do such a thing.

Su Ming could do this even better. With his third eye, he could see the black-robed man’s soul straight through his eyes. There was absolutely no need for him to perform a Soulseek. Even if the black-robed man had a seal to protect his memories, Su Ming did not forcefully perform a Soulseek or fight against the seal with brute force. He only observed with another method.

Because of it, he did not trigger any of the protections placed on the black-robed man’s memories in his soul. He had repeated the same question twice previously not for the man to answer, but to have it serve as a lead!

Those words were just that, a lead. Su Ming needed it so that the answer would appear in the black-robed man’s head subconsciously. He would then use his third eye to see through the other’s eyes and find the answers he sought in his soul.

He saw a middle-aged figure. It was dressed in a long blue robe. He had a head of long black hair, and his robe was incredibly lavish. There was a strange pattern sewn on it, and it looked like it symbolized Yin and Yang.

The man was incredibly handsome, but there was a boundless, ancient air spreading out from him. A power that made Su Ming’s heart tremble manifested around him as well.

The instant Su Ming saw the vision in the black-robed man’s eyes, the figure, which should have only been an afterimage in the man’s memories, suddenly shone with a blinding light. The afterimage seemed to also suddenly possess intelligence, for it looked at Su Ming in one swift motion before letting out a soft gasp of surprise!

“I can’t believe that the primitive and barbaric Arid Triad would have a cultivator such as you. You actually managed to form a connection with me, Xing Ji Dao, in this manner? Interesting. Since you’re already here, then you might as well stay.”

A glint appeared in the eyes of the man in blue. There was a faint smile on his face, but a vortex appeared in his eyes. It instantly went on to try and absorb Su Ming, as if he wanted to dig deep into his soul through his gaze and drag it over.

But at that moment, the Seed of Life Extermination in Su Ming’s soul resisted violently. As a loud rumble resounded, a brilliant light showed up in the eyes of the man in blue robes. There was also a hint of shock and ferociousness in him.

“Dark Dawn’s power!”

Suddenly, the moment the Seed of Life Extermination fought back, the Abyss Gate in Su Ming’s body let out a powerful force aimed to devour all things. It also lashed out madly. It sucked in a swift breath and devoured a small portion of the power that had spread out from the afterimage belonging to the man in blue. With this, it also cut off Su Ming’s connection with him.

“Aura of Abyss… you… You are one of Arid Triad’s Abyss Builders!”

A low growl that caused Su Ming’s soul to shudder came from what remained after the connection was broken. The remnant of the man’s presence was far stronger than all the powerful warriors Su Ming had met in his life. In fact, it was even stronger than Sui Chen Zi!

Boom!

Su Ming shut his third eye, and his gaze disappeared from the black-robed man’s eyes. Everything that happened just then might have seemed to have taken a long time, but in truth, it was over in the blink of an eye. The strength of that person called Xing Ji Dao shocked Su Ming, but he also gained an even deeper understanding towards the 180 Expanse Cosmoses belonging to Saint Defier.

“What did you do to me?!”

The black-robed man whose neck had been seized by Su Ming shuddered. He could sense the drastic change in his body just then. It might have only lasted for a short period of time, but it left his heart in a state of shock.

Su Ming cast the black-robed man a glance before he said faintly, “Xing Ji Dao.”

The black-robed man’s expression instantly changed, but before he could say anything else, Su Ming tightened his grip, and with a bang, the black-robed man’s body shattered. His soul and life force turned into wisps of white smoke that surged into Su Ming’s eyes, nose, ears, and mouth, and he sucked all of them in with a single inhale.

At the same time, the Abyss Gate in his body let out a loud boom. The life force and soul from the two black-robed men had made it expand slightly, but that was it. What made the Abyss Gate let out the loud bang and let out a vast amount of Aura of Abyss to fill Su Ming’s entire body was the small portion of the will in Xing Ji Dao’s afterimage.

To the current Su Ming and the Abyss Gate, this was a great supplement that they had never seen before. It was a supplement that was far greater than the absorption of nine planets. As a jolt ran through Su Ming’s body, he threw his head back and roared.

A loud boom rang out from his body, and the vortex of Aura of Abyss that was just like a bottomless pit turned into a crystal. It continued becoming larger, and when it occupied a small portion of Su Ming’s body, it shattered, and a black gate appeared!

The Aura of Abyss spreading out from that gate was incredibly terrifying, and it was instantly absorbed by Su Ming’s physical body. However, it seemed to be rejecting it, unable to absorb a lot of it. However, just absorbing a small portion had caused a loud rumble to rang out from Su Ming’s body, and the strength of his physical body had increased exponentially!

Su Ming’s physical body was incredibly powerful to begin with, and at that moment, it reached a level so powerful that it was terrifying. However, his right hand was even more frightening. It was the only part of him at that moment which could completely fuse with the Aura of Abyss and continuously absorb it!

If Su Ming’s current physical body had reached a terrifyingly powerful extent, then if there was a need… his right hand could easily destroy enemies with this sort of physical body. As such, it could be seen just how powerful his right hand was after it absorbed the Aura of Abyss!

After all, his right hand came from his real physical body, and it could fuse perfectly with the Abyss Builders’ inborn ability, thereby allowing the vast indescribable power of the Abyss Builders to erupt!

‘The power of the Abyss Gate is not an inborn ability prepared to strengthen an Abyss Builder’s physical body. It’s true function is for us to create our own Abyssal World once we open the Abyss Gate!

‘Strengthening the physical body is just a supplementary power… If I could seize my whole physical body back, then as I grew stronger, my physical body would become… imperishable!’

A brilliant light shown in Su Ming’s eyes. During that moment, he suddenly lifted his head and stared at the spot where the tower belonging to the Immortals’ Union was located.

The expression of the man who led the Immortals’ Union from the tower distorted. Disbelief appeared in his eyes. He had just witnessed the two Grand Immortals in black dying at Su Ming’s hands. The shock brought by this scene caused his breathing to quicken.

The hearts of all the Immortals around the tower also trembled while they stared at Su Ming in shock. In fact, his battle against the two black-robed men had already affected the situation on the battlefield.

The roars from the War Chamber had grown much stronger. As they continued fighting, they forced back the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union continuously.

When Su Ming cast his gaze at the tower, he redirected his gaze to the space behind it. Over there, a huge Rune swiftly appeared, and the light from it went in all directions. A low growl came from that Rune, and it was so loud that it stirred up a rumble that shook the entire galaxy. With a mighty pressure that felt like lightning, it descended on the galaxy before turning into a powerful wave of impact that swept outwards.

Countless cultivators fell back. Their expressions changed simultaneously, because they saw a scene that would be difficult for them to forget for the rest of their lives. A huge outline could be seen within the gigantic Rune. It was several thousands of feet tall, and it a belonged to a giant. The person took a huge step forward, and when he walked out of the Rune, he threw his head back to roar.

There were seven stars shining at the center of his brows, and a savage, crazed presence spilled out from him without restraint. It was filled with violence and ferociousness. At the instant it filled the galaxy, he moved, and his body grew from thousands of feet tall to tens of thousands of feet.

When he raised his right hand, a greataxe appeared in it. Countless bolts of lightning swam around it. That lightning spread out and filled the entire area. Huge sparks that would require several grown men to surround them swept outwards, making the mighty pressure and presence spreading out from the giant to be unparalleled for a period of time.

After a short period of silence, all the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union let out a strong cheer. As they cheered, they immediately moved back and cleared an empty spot in the galaxy. They crowded at the edges of the battlefield, their cheers shaking the entire galaxy.

“God!”

“God!!”

“GOD!!!”

All the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union roared simultaneously, and their roars instantly filled the entire galaxy, causing all the cultivators from the War Chamber to turn pale. In shock, they stared at the giant of tens of thousands feet tall, and only one word echoed in their hearts at that moment, the one word that the cultivators from the Immortals’ Union had shouted!

God!

“You! Do you dare fight against me, a God?!”

With a greataxe in his hand and a contemptuous gaze, the Ancient God looked towards Su Ming. He lifted his left hand and beckoned him over.
