# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1124

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Damn it! Ode of the War Chamber!”

The instant the seven stars of the Ancient God crumbled one after another. A destructive force emerged from it, and it was increasing exponentially in an indescribably fast manner.

An anxious and frenzied howl came from the War Chamber’s planet. The middle-aged man named Wild Dog rushed out swiftly. As he shouted, he extended his arms, and at the instant all his power erupted from his body violently, dozens of figures dressed in armor immediately appeared beside him. All of them immediately began sending their cultivation base outwards.

In fact, at that moment, even though the millions of cultivators from the War Chamber did not know what was going on, their instinctive reaction towards the command to execute the Ode of the War Chamber had made them immediately bring out their entire cultivation base without any hesitation.

This was the War Chamber. It acted like the armor and the sharp blade of Morning Dao Sect!

It was precisely because of their nature which resembled that of an army that they had the power of their cultivation bases reach its peak as they brought it out at that moment. When their cultivation bases erupted from their bodies, Runes appeared under their feet. Hundreds of cultivators gathered together to form a gigantic Rune, and at the instant it appeared, the Ancient God exploded.

A loud bang shot up. The power of the explosion brought forth by all the stars at the center of his brows shattering could destroy everything. The moment the Rune formed by the cultivators of the War Chamber began Relocating, they were attacked by the destructive power, and in an instant, half of them died. However… the remaining half of the cultivators of the War Chamber had Relocated and left the area!

Since the War Chamber was an existence akin to an army, they had a uniform order. Every single one of their thoughts was formed around their commander, which was why there was not a single flaw in their reaction time, but it was different for the Immortals’ Union.

They were a union and thus formed by various races merging together. They might have a commander, and while no weaknesses could be seen on usual days and they possessed powerful offensive abilities while fighting against Morning Dao Sect, but during critical moments when life and death could be determined in an instant, a unified will and a uniform mind was something that they lacked. That was why… they could not escape from area of the seven-starred Ancient God’s explosion in such a short period of time.

When the seven-starred Ancient God exploded, a loud bang had surged into the skies and spread through the area. Everything on the side of the Immortals’ Union, no matter if they were cultivators or even the tower, shattered at that instant. The people did not scream, and neither did they struggle. Everything… was reduced to ashes in an instant.

Su Ming stood in the spot where the explosion was the strongest. A powerful life-threatening sense of danger instantly surged through his body and heart. This feeling was something he hadn’t experienced in a long time. His pupils shrank, and he raised his right hand swiftly. At the same time, the Ecang in him spread out its presence to cover everything about him.

The Immortals watched this scene through the picture provided in the pillar of light. At the instant they thought Su Ming was going to fight back, a black soul thread that no one else could see fused with the destructive power, and at the moment it charged towards Su Ming…

He did something that immediately caused these people’s expressions to change.

Su Ming did not act as they thought he would and fought against the destructive power caused by the seven-starred Ancient God. Instead, at the instant the destructive power came swiftly towards him, he gathered all his power in his right hand and threw a fist at the space behind him. As his power erupted forth, the third eye at the center of his brows flashed and magnified the place.

Su Ming’s fist landed on the weakest spot in space, tearing it apart, and it looked just like a piece of paper which had a hole torn right through it. Su Ming moved, and the instant the destructive power came charging towards him, he stepped into the crack in space and left into the distance.

This was definitely not something an ordinary cultivator could think of. In fact, some of the cultivators who had even higher levels of cultivation than he would find it hard to instantly think of this method. Only those who had an incredibly vast pool of experiences and had went through many unique challenges would be able to think of it!

The inspiration behind Su Ming action was the taming of the Resentful Wei when he was in Divine Essence Star Ocean. The Relocation spots he’d went into there looked as if they had sunken into space itself, and his travels in the strange world under space were behind him coming up with such a method.

Beneath space was another world. It contained countless unknown entities, and it was a place that seemed to be placed beyond the universe!

A loud boom shot into space. When Su Ming fled into the crack in space and entered the unknown area beyond the universe, the destructive power came charging towards the spot where he previously was, causing the crack in space to continue growing, and the area inside was immediately filled with chaos.

At the same time, the soul thread intending to replace Su Ming instantly crawled into the world in the crack to chase after Su Ming.

During that moment, Bai Feng’s eyes sparkled while she sat beyond the pillar of light at the core of the Immortals’ Union. Di Tian frowned slightly. The black-robed man in the pillar of light was momentarily stunned before a brilliant light shone in his eyes.

“An interesting lad. I didn’t expect that he would think of this method. But… the world in the crack in space and beyond the universe is a region so dangerous that not even I would dare step into it carelessly.

“It is a chaotic world, and there are no lives in it. There is only a boundless, chaotic ocean which will crush all forms of will and life.

“It’s a pity for that soul thread of mine. It is one which has inherited a part of my memories. Oh well, since it has already went after him and my connection to it has been broken due to that chaotic ocean, there’s no need for me to pay any more attention to it.

“It’s impossible for Dao Kong to continue living in there. He’s already a dead man.” The black-robed man shook his head and walked out of the pillar of light. With a swing of his arm, the picture which belonged to Su Ming shattered and disappeared.

The spot where the War Chamber and the cultivators in the Immortals’ Union previously fought was empty. Not a single person was left behind. All those from the Immortals’ Union had died, and half of the War Chamber had been Relocated. There was only a swiftly contracting crack in space. As it closed up and healed, the battle in the area came to a close.

Su Ming disappeared.

Flame Fiends’ Progenitor, Zhu You Cai, the Abyss Dragon, and even the bald crane were not beside him. While by himself, he disappeared in the galaxy upon entering the unfamiliar world within space.

It was a place in which cultivators fell almost every year. However, over the course of countless years, no one had ever managed to walk out from it. All forms of lives in the universe who had fallen under space due to various reasons had died quietly there.

“Damn it, damn it… Darn it all, I hate those Ancient Gods the most! But… but it shouldn’t have self-destructed so easily. It shouldn’t self-destruct at all, much less by having all seven stars shatter!”

A layer of distortions appeared in the empty galaxy, and the bald crane showed up. There was anxiety on its face as it stared at the spot where Su Ming had disappeared. Soon though, it was replaced by madness.

“The area under space and beyond the universe is dangerous… very dangerous… DARN IT ALL!” The bald crane gritted its teeth and fused into space. With its divine abilities, it could enter the strange world under space and beyond the universe even without any cracks in space.

“Damn it, why is my life so difficult? I don’t want to go to this place again, I don’t want to… Huh? Have I have come to this place before?”

The bald crane was momentarily stunned, but when it entered the world under space and beyond the universe, and indescribable wave of air surged towards it with a bang, tearing apart its body in countless pieces before sweeping them away and disappearing.

After some time, those pieces merged together to turn into the bald crane once more. It cursed loudly and started searching the area.

Before it was a colorful world, and it shone with all sorts of lights. The light rays intersected with each other and acted like the waves of an ocean. They howled and charged forward constantly in this boundless world while they were swept up by balls of air that could rip apart all existences.

The air could sweep up light. This was something that the air in the world outside could not do so wantonly. In fact, it was completely impossible, because light was light. It had no form, and air could be detected. These were two completely different materials, and it was completely impossible for one of them to sweep up the other.

Yet in here, in this seemingly lawless world under space and beyond the universe, everything was possible.

This was the ocean of light. And it was full of various forms of light. When they fused together, they turned into an ocean, and the ball of air stirred up the power which destroyed everything. With that, it filled this world with destruction.

Su Ming coughed up blood. Waves of pain as if he was being torn apart shot up his body. Several days had passed since he had appeared in the strange world and was swept into the ocean of light.

Several days ago, to avoid the explosive power that destroyed the seven-starred Ancient God, he had torn open a crack in space and stepped inside. It had allowed him to avoid the destructive strike, but it had forced him through another form of destruction in the world under space and beyond the universe.

In fact, the moment Su Ming stepped into that world, he had a strange feeling that the universe was a shell, a gigantic shell, and the world under space and beyond the universe was the area outside the shell.

If he looked at it in this manner, the entire universe in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos could be treated as a huge egg, and the place where Su Ming was located at that moment was the area beyond the eggshell.

The endless light there formed an ocean. The boundless air formed gusts of wind that could not be detected. They swept up the ocean of light and turned it into a brilliant, dazzling scene that could destroy everything.

There were countless rays of light. In fact, Su Ming had even seen the Light of Extreme Darkness among them!

His physical body had long since been torn apart and no longer existed. At that moment, the ocean of light had swept up his Nascent Divinity and his right hand. It alone still retained its physical form and could not be torn apart by the air.

In fact, if there was someone else in the place, they would have been able to see a gate exuding dense waves of Aura of Abyss in Su Ming’s Nascent Divinity. They could even see a fragment that had mostly recovered in within it.

There were countless runic symbols flashing on that fragment, and it was… the Seed of Life Extermination!
