# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1127

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

‘Light of Extreme Darkness. Right now, I am the Light of Extreme Darkness. I wonder if I can be considered to have reached the fulfillment of the Light of Extreme Darkness?!’

A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. His body turned into endless light and formed the ocean of light. When booming sounds spread out in all directions and the light disappeared, all the Light of Extreme Darkness swiftly shrank to form a single figure.

It had fluttering black hair, a dazzling black robe, and a profound dark light shining in its black eyes. Naturally, it was Su Ming.

He stood alone in the ocean of light. At that moment, he was a part of the ocean and no longer felt any hint of himself being torn apart. Instead, he had a feeling like he had the power to move the universe with just a flip of his hand.

‘I haven’t reached fulfillment yet. As the saying goes, birds of a feather flock together. If I had reached fulfillment, then when I sent out this Light of Extreme Darkness, the Light of Extreme Darkness born from the ocean of light would have come to me as well.

‘Light of Extreme Darkness… The word extreme shows its domineering nature, and it will belong solely to me if I reach fulfillment in cultivating it!’

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. After a moment, determination appeared in his eyes. He closed them, and when he stretched out his arms, the two runic symbols in his body fused together and released their energy. The black Light of Extreme Darkness instantly erupted from Su Ming’s body.

This time, he did not even try to intentionally stop it. He did not think about his own limits. He wanted to release all the Light of Extreme Darkness which could be produced in his body, and he wanted to release it to its limits!

These thoughts seemed to stir up his Light of Extreme Darkness and form a strange sort of unity with it. Immediately, the Light of Extreme Darkness spreading out from Su Ming’s body erupted and spread out at an indescribable speed.

Ten thousand, one hundred thousand, three hundred thousand, around one million feet, and eventually, millions of feet. If anyone cast their gaze across the area, they would find that all the light around Su Ming had been chased off. The only thing remaining was a ball of extreme black. Only the Light of Extreme Darkness was left!

Even when the light had spread out to this extent, Su Ming did not intend to stop. He could sense that he had yet to reach his limit and that he had not reached the extent which he expected.

His intentions were very simple. There were countless differing rays of light in the world, but he had chosen to become the Light of Extreme Darkness. And since he did so, he would become the only Light of Extreme Darkness in the universe!

The one and only!

The light from Su Ming’s body was still spreading out in all directions. In the blink of an eye, it covered an area that was nearly ten million feet in diameter. As time passed, it surpassed this area and continued spreading boundlessly until Su Ming finally sensed his limits.

However, he still chose not to give up, because he sensed that he had yet to become the only Light of Extreme Darkness. That was why even if he had reached his limits, the two runic symbols in his body continued absorbing and releasing power.

When Su Ming reached the point when he no longer knew how far his Light of Extreme Darkness had expanded, a loud rumble came from his body. At the instant it resounded within him, Su Ming felt that his Light of Extreme Darkness had reached a boundary and broken through some sort of seal. His heart trembled.

The Light of Extreme Darkness spreading out from his body seemed to have become slightly different from before, but Su Ming could not tell what exactly was different. The only thing he could see was that the two runic symbols in his body had fused together and become even more complicated. He had a strong feeling… that they had truly fused together.

They were no longer fusing together to absorb the power from the void and separating to release light. It looked like they would no longer separate from then on.

At the same time, Su Ming sensed that he no longer needed to control anything or release anything. The Light of Extreme Darkness which had appeared around him in this area of tens of millions of feet seemed… to have become an eternal existence!

‘Essence of Light!’

Su Ming came to a swift realization. At that moment, not only was he no longer required to continuously release power to form the Light of Extreme Darkness, he himself had become an Essence of Light which could constantly release it.

Soon after, Su Ming sensed that there were four origins of the Light of Extreme Darkness which were the exact same as him in the boundless ocean of light!

These were four ancient origins of light, and it was clear that they had existed for countless years. They had naturally formed after the scattered Lights of Extreme Darkness in the endless streams of light had gathered together.

An ancient feeling rose in Su Ming’s heart at that moment. When he perceived the four origins of light from the distance, a brilliant glare shone in his eyes.

Since he had become the Light of Extreme Darkness, he would become the one and only Light of Extreme Darkness in this world. This thought stemmed from Su Ming’s personality. As his eyes sparkled, he swept up the tens of millions of feet worth of ocean formed by his Light of Extreme Darkness, and as a loud bang shot up into the air, he swiftly traveled towards the closest origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness.

The memory of him devouring the portions of Ecang’s real self in the past arose in Su Ming’s head. However, this time, he was not going to devour the sentient Ecang. Instead, he was going to devour the Light of Extreme Darkness born in this world.

He would do so to become the one and only source in this place. This was Su Ming’s personality, and also an unseen law in this world. No one had set it down, and neither was there any living beings who had the right to form this law. It was just how nature was.

It was similar to that moment. The boundless lights in the ocean of light shone with a dazzling brilliance, but they were not sentient. This meant that once one of them became a sentient being, the other similar forms of light would be made to merge with it.

The ones who were sentient would gather the others to fuse with them. This was one of the unseen laws in the universe. It could not be changed, and no one would want to change it.

Time trickled by. With his speed after he turned into the Light of Extreme Darkness, Su Ming reached a vast mass of black seawater several days later. It was an ocean formed by black light, and it was born from the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness which was the exact same entity as he.

The process of Su Ming devouring it began the moment he saw it. The black Light of Extreme Darkness fused with him, and there was not a single bit of struggle from it. In just a few breaths, a long howl reverberated in the ocean of light. At that instant, both origins of light fused completely. A gigantic ball of light exuding light which could spread to one hundred million feet appeared in the ocean of light.

As that huge ball of the Light of Extreme Darkness appeared and Su Ming’s howl reverberated in the ocean of light, his heart trembled again, and the feeling as if some sort of seal had been broken rose in his heart. At that instant, the other three balls of the Light of Extreme Darkness which he had perceived from the distance earlier collapsed simultaneously to turn into countless Lights of Extreme Darkness that charged towards him at an extreme speed from all directions.

Their act of drawing closer to him made it seem like Su Ming had become the Progenitor of the Light of Extreme Darkness, and all of the Lights of Extreme Darkness born in this ocean of light longed to fuse with him. They charged forward, and within several days, they continuously approached him. The ball of light which was Su Ming continued expanding from its previous one hundred million feet.

Every single time he fused with a ray of the Light of Extreme Darkness, the ball of light would become slightly larger. Once he had fused with all the Lights of Extreme Darkness within his perception, his heart roared, and the ocean of light within a circular area of three hundred million feets turned black!

Yet it was also at that moment that six other huge origins of light appeared in Su Ming’s perception. They were all larger than Su Ming, and they were so far away from him that even if he turned into the Light of Extreme Darkness and charged forward at full speed, he would still need hundreds of years to reach them.

The ocean of light was simply too big; there was no end to it. In fact, Su Ming had a very strong feeling that even if he fused with the six origins of light, he would still sense even larger origins of the Light of Extreme Darkness in the endless ocean of light.

“Cultivating light is like cultivating Dao… There is no end to light, and there is… no end to Dao,” Su Ming mumbled. He seemed to have come to understand something from the Light of Extreme Darkness, but when he pondered over it, he felt as if he had not understood anything.

In silence, he gave up on continuing to fuse with the other Lights of Extreme Darkness. It was not because he could not do it, but because it would require too much time, and as of then, time was incredibly precious to him.

“It’s about time that I leave, but before I do, I still need one more light.”

All the Lights of Extreme Darkness around Su Ming vanished, and he changed into the figure with the black attire. While standing in the ocean of light, he looked like he was the master of the area. Mumbling under his breath, he took a step forward.

He walked among all the colorful lights until he found… the light with dashes of red and white intersecting with each other, the one which allowed him to see the veins from the Seed of Life Extermination on his Nascent Divinity.

He swung his arm and took a strand of it into his own body. Once he placed it in his Nascent Divinity, he prepared to leave the ocean of light. Suddenly though, his expression changed and he turned into the Light of Extreme Darkness. The ocean of light of three hundred million feet appeared in his heart.

Su Ming saw the bald crane carefully swimming through the ocean of light in the distance. It would occasionally scream and at other times curse. It looked like the damage to it from the rays of light varied; some of them would hurt worse, while the others would only injure it lightly. It was evading all the ones which would deal heavy damage while moving forward through the ocean of light.

At the same time, Su Ming saw an existence which was clearly a soul thread moving in another direction. It had attached itself to a ray of light and was struggling to keep itself afloat. However, it looked like it was about to dissipate.

After a moment of pensive silence, Su Ming raised his foot and took a step forward. His body vanished, and when he appeared, he was right in front of the bald crane. The moment he showed up, the bald crane screamed.

“Darn it all, just what sort of rotten luck do I have?! T-T-This is… This is an Essence of Light! I’m done for! I’m seriously done for! Su Ming, you thrice cursed bastard, it’s not that I don’t want to save you,but I’m in trouble myself!!” As the bald crane screamed, it swiftly retreated with fear on its face.

But the bald crane could not be blamed for not recognizing Su Ming. In its eyes, there was no Su Ming, but a figure with the Light of Extreme Darkness spreading out from it. That light cut off all forms of presences from appearing beyond it, and all other rays of light avoided the area, not daring to get any closer. To the bald crane, this proved that it was faced with an Essence of Light.

Su Ming smiled faintly, but the bald crane could not see it. With swing of his arm, a ball of Light of Extreme Darkness enveloped the bald crane. He brought it through space, straight where he had sensed the soul thread.
