# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1129

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

‘So what if they’ve seen me use the Light of Extreme Darkness before? They won’t be able to guess that I’ve become the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness!

‘And so what if this origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness appeared a little too abruptly? Unless they’re completely not tempted…’

A distortion in space that lasted for nearly seven days had appeared in the galaxy near the Immortals’ territory. The area of the distortion spread to three hundred million feet, and it caught the attention of plenty of cultivators in the Immortals’ Union.

It was especially so when the distortions turned into a gigantic crack on the seventh day. A black ray of light that seemed to be able to freeze the universe popped out then. The light continued spreading outwards and turned into the completed version of the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness!

It shone without end within that area of three hundred million feet. This scene instantly stunned the entire Immortals’ Union. In fact, when another seven days passed, even Morning Dao Sect learned of it.

In fact… the battle between the two sides gradually come to a stop after that huge origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness appeared. Countless gazes landed on that area belonging to the Immortals’ Union.

Every single day, a large number of cultivators from the Immortals’ Union would surround the area of three hundred million feet and observe the Light of Extreme Darkness which had suddenly appeared half a month ago. There was shock in their gazes along with greed.

They could sense a chill that could freeze their hearts spreading out from the Light of Extreme Darkness, and they could also sense the terrifying power contained within it.

Throughout the twenty-four hour time period, there would only be two hours when the gigantic origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness was slightly weaker. However, after those two hours, it would shine brighter than at any other time of the day.

Thee two hours changed every single day. The change was governed by a certain pattern, so many people realized that the Essence of Light was not sentient. It was only changing on instinct.

The cultivators might not know why it had suddenly appeared in the galaxy, but it was a supreme treasure which everyone desired greatly.

If they could obtain and refine it, then the power of their divine abilities would be greatly enhanced. In fact, even the famous Light of Extreme Darkness in Morning Dao Sect was just a light gathered together to form a Striking Land. There were rumors that Progenitor Dao Chen had personally subjugated it tens of thousands of years ago.

But what appeared at that moment was not a single ray of light, but a gigantic Essence of Light. This difference was akin to a bright moon compared to a candle flame, and the greed grew endlessly in the hearts of all the cultivators who learned about this matter.

After all, it was not just a Light of Extreme Darkness, but… a huge Essence of Light. If they could refine it, they would enjoy great successes. If any race took it, they would swiftly increased in power. And if it was taken by Morning Dao Sect or the Immortals’ Union, it could be refined into an astonishing supreme treasure, and in any battle, it could bring forth outstanding power.

The appearance of the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness caught the attention of the powerful cultivators in the Immortals’ Union. However, the core members which came from the Immortals’ sects and Phoenix Sect had locked down the area where the Light of Extreme Darkness had appeared the moment it showed up.

It had appeared practically on the Immortals’ doorstep, so they were naturally the first to notice it. The ones who were sent to observe it were then mostly from the Immortals’ sects.

“This is indeed the Light of Extreme Darkness…”

When it was the twentieth day since the Light of Extreme Darkness had appeared, the white-robed Bai Feng stood in the galaxy nearly and spoke coldly to himself while staring at it.

By her side was Di Tian, who was also dressed in white and had a head full of white hair. He seemed a little older than he was a month ago. His stare was fixed on the Light of Extreme Darkness, though no one knew what he was thinking.

Between the two was the black-robed man which belonged to the Eight Paramount Daos and who had come from Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos. His face was hidden under the black hood, but it could not conceal the surprised glint in his eyes.

‘Origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness is a rare origin which can only be found beyond the universe of the Expanse Cosmos where it is born… It has already disappeared from Saint Defier’s camp.

‘The Light of Extreme Darkness is something which only grows in developing Expanse Cosmoses and will disappear when the Expanse Cosmos has fully developed! Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, this boundless galaxy only has a sliver of a chance to evolve into an Expanse Cosmos like Saint Defier and Dark Dawn in the future and develop its own 180 Expanse Cosmoses. This dazzling light can only appear in this developing, primitive Expanse Cosmos…

‘To Arid Triad, Saint Defier and Dark Dawn are the elderly, while it is still an infant. Whoever obtains this infant will overpower the other camp and become the one and only existence in this endless universe!

‘I didn’t expect that I would be able to see… the dazzling origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness in this primitive Arid Triad when my body had just descended for around a thousand years!’ The black-robed man’s eyes sparkled, and he sighed with great emotion in his heart.

“Make arrangements. I want people to be constantly moving into the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness during the next half a month, and I want them to find its core. Lock down the perimeter and forbid all others from stepping in. Kill all those who violate this!” The black-robed man’s eyes sparkled as he spoke slowly.

“Sublime Paragon Di Tian, if I can gain control over this Light of Extreme Darkness, the chances of Life Changing Art succeeding will increase by another two-tenths. Even if I cannot refine it within a short period of time, all I need is to leave the Brand of my divine sense at its core to gain basic control over it.”

Di Tian’s eyes swiftly focused. He cast a glance at the black-robed man before lifting his right arm. A jade slip appeared on his palm, and once he crushed it, it turned into nine wisps of smoke that left rapidly into the distance. Soon after, all the Immortals’ sects executed a tight lockdown on the area.

“Fellow Daoist Bai Feng, you might have been recommended by your Master, but there are still plenty of obstructions before you can become a cultivator of Saint Defier. Your body is unable to withstand the Return Reversal Art, but if I obtain this origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness smoothly, then I, along with your Master, will recommend you. With my status as Eight Paramount Dao, I could increase your chances of becoming a cultivator of Saint Defier by two-tenths!”

Bai Feng’s expression remained the same. In silence, she cast a cold glance at the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness.

“Senior, don’t you think that this Essence of Light came too suddenly? You do know that Dao Kong had control over the Light of Extreme Darkness before he was forced into the world beyond the universe.”

“It’s precisely because he had control over the Light of Extreme Darkness that this origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness appeared in this universe. There is a connection between them, though your worries are also noteworthy, Fellow Daoist Bai Feng.”

The black-robed man laughed loudly. Even though he said those words, he paid no heed to them. In his eyes, Dao Kong had controlled only the Light of Extreme Darkness, while was was before his eyes was the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness. The difference between the two was akin to heaven and hell.

“But we do still need to conduct the necessary tests.”

As the black-robed man laughed hoarsely, he appeared near the Light of Extreme Darkness. He rose his right hand and struck the center of his brows. Immediately, a great will rushed out with a bang and like a gust of invisible wind that charged towards the Light of Extreme Darkness.

After a moment, the black-robed man’s body jolted. When he retrieved his will, his eyes under the hood shone with excitement.

“It is indeed the Light of Extreme Darkness. There’s no hint of any consciousness in it. There’s absolutely no chance of it being fake!”

Still laughing, the black-robed man took a few steps back, but he did not immediately make any rash movements. He knew that there was a force in the Light of Extreme Darkness that could gravely injure Nascent Divinities. However, because it was not sentient. there was a pattern to all of its changes. Once he found a path leading to its core, he could put his Brand and claim it for himself.

When he had sent his divine sense into it, he had immediately sensed the great power and changes within it. The separation of light when it intersected made even him not dare to force his way inside. In fact, he had even sensed a hint of danger.

Yet the more dangerous it was, the more it stirred up the black-robed man’s greed. He was also anxious though. He knew that in a month’s time, Xing Ji Dao would arrive, and if he had not obtained the Light of Extreme Darkness by then, he would have a competitor.

“Then I will have the cultivators of the Immortals’ Union continue fighting against Morning Dao Sect so that they will not be able to spare a single bit of their attention to set their sights on the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness. As for your promise, I thank you, senior,” Bai Feng said coldly, then bent her knees slightly and bowed to the black-robed man.

“You flatter me,” the black-robed man said with a smile, then turned around and vanished to return to the spot beyond the pillar of light in the Immortals’ territory. When his body reappeared, the smile on his face disappeared and was replaced by a stern expression. He raised his right hand and struck the pillar of light. Immediately, the colors within it became muddled, and gradually, seven distorted figures manifested.

“The Seven Fingers under me, fuse into the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness and investigate it clearly. Find out whether it is man-made and whether it really is not sentient as the rumors say!

“I will give you ten days. You must finish your search by then,” the black-robed man said flatly. Immediately, the seven distorted figures flashed in the pillar of light and turned into seven black-robed man who bent their backs and bowed to him before disappearing as one.

Immortals’ Union went into full operation. Every single day, there were numerous cultivators entering the Light of Extreme Darkness to investigate. Usually, only one out of ten people who stepped in would be able to survive.

As time passed and the number of dead and wounded increased, Morning Dao Sect executed a large-scale investigation. However, since the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness had appeared near the core of the territory which belonged to the Immortals’ Union, Morning Dao Sect could not do much.

All of the investigations went on methodically. In fact, seven black-robed man had arrived in the Light of Extreme Darkness several days earlier without making a single sound, and they had begun a detailed investigation of it.

Su Ming saw all that happened around him. He saw the divine sense of the black-robed man descend on him, and he also saw the seven presences which belonged to the seven black-robed man who were much weaker than the former. They carried out an investigation in his light.

Su Ming also saw Di Tian as well as Bai Feng who looked exactly like Bai Ling…

Because he was the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness, it matter how and who investigated, Su Ming was still the Light of Extreme Darkness. The only thing he needed to do was hide his will and present to them a being without sentience.

With the bald crane’s help, all of this was very simple.

It was Su Ming’s trap, a trap in which he used himself as bait. He was waiting for people to take him… and personally bring him into the tightly defended Immortals’ Union.

And the day for it… was drawing close.
