# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1134

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

All of the items were rarely seen things in True Morning Dao World. Each one could tempt countless cultivators and make them go mad. They were so rare that the degree of rarity was would be difficult to describe.

Yet all of them immediately melted into the pillar of light, and it was so quick that their appearances could not even be seen clearly. They turned into liquid and were swiftly absorbed by the white ring.

Di Tian had prepared them for tens of thousands of years. Yet in just about a dozen breaths, all of them turned into liquid and were completely absorbed by the white ring.

Soon after, a piercing white light spread out from the white ring. In a flash, that light spread out in all directions and covered an area of eight hundred million feet, and then, this area in the galaxy… disappeared.

It was described as such because the dark hues of the space in the galaxy had vanished and were replaced by a layer of white light. There was a color to that light, and if a person raised their head to look, they would have a strong feeling that the galaxy had turned into a blue sky!

Su Ming’s heart trembled when he saw it, because he was the only one who saw the event in its complete form. In fact, not even the black-robed old man or Xing Ji Dao saw it, because they had only sent their cultivation bases to fuse into the ring. Due to some sort of show of respect, they had not dared to send their divine senses into the ring.

Su Ming saw that once the items Di Tian had prepared for tens of thousands of years melted, they were absorbed by the ring. Their only use was to turn into a power that would gather all the runic symbols.

The act of gathering the countless runic symbols in the world within the ring required a lot of energy. The materials Di Tian had prepared could do so, albeit only for a short moment. The countless runic symbols merged together until there were only three left!

The complexity of the three runic symbols caused Su Ming’s divine sense to crumble the moment he saw them. He could not withstand them, but even though his divine sense had crumbled, he had a strong feeling that… all the runic symbols in the world within the ring were formed by the three runic symbols continuously merging with each other.

At the instant the divine sense was destroyed, Su Ming saw one of the three divine senses had sent out the white light to form… the blue sky which stretched out to a circular area of eight hundred million feet beyond the pillar.

The entire sky was in truth… just a runic symbol!

Su Ming’s heart trembled. He might have had one sliver of his divine sense destroyed, but without any hesitation, he split up another portion and used the black-robed man’s cultivation base to charge straight towards the white ring.

It was a serendipity, a fortuitous event. It was a great serendipitous event that a normal person would find hard to experience under normal circumstances.

Even though Su Ming had come for his real physical body, he would absolutely not give up on this chance. He might not understand the three runic symbols for the moment, but he still wanted to look at them. His instincts were telling him that they were connected to the Avacaniya Realm!

When Su Ming’s divine sense entered the white ring again, he saw light spill out from the second runic symbol. Its color was black. At the instant it spread out, it immediately changed the area beneath the blue sky into black earth!

Even though the color was black, it was different from the black hue of space. It was truly earth!

Within the area of eight hundred million feet in the galaxy was a blue sky and dark earth. The place had been changed into a world!

Such a divine ability dazed all the cultivators in the area, but their absent-mindedness did not last for too long. When the light from the third runic symbol spread out, all the people who saw it immediately felt like the world had been overturned.

The blue sky turned into the earth, and the earth changed into the blue sky. Nobody changed position, but the feeling of the world being overturned immediately made all the cultivators nauseous, and their faces went pale.

The world had been overturned!

The power to make the world within eight hundred million feet overturn fell back the next instant. All of it surged back into the pillar at the center and gathered on Su Ming’s real physical body.

Boom!

Su Ming’s real physical body might still have been transparent, but the venous paths and the runic symbols were trembling and distorting faintly. If they could have been compared to a lock of life previously, then at that moment, that lock was reversing under the power that overturned the world. That lock… opened!

Di Tian watched this from beyond the pillar of light with excitement. He understood the Abyss Builders very well, and he could tell at that moment that the lock on the blood within the Abyss Builder’s physical body had been opened!

During that moment, the runic symbol which had turned into the earth changed into the runic symbol of the sky. The invisible runic symbol which overturned the world also seemed to have flashed at the same time. Immediately, booming sounds shook the entire True Morning Dao World.

Su Ming immediately sensed that the three runic symbols were continuously circling each other. Based on some sort of pattern… a power of time which was similar to that of the Abyss Builders spread out from them with a bang.

At the instant the power of time appeared, it spread in all directions. It flowed swiftly, making time flow in reverse, and the effect was clearly seen on Di Tian as well as Bai Feng.

Sometimes, they would appear old, and their presences would instantly gain an even more ancient air. At other times… Di Tian would look young, and Bai Feng even more so. These changes lasted for about a dozen breaths before swiftly coming to a stop!

Time no longer moved, and neither did it flow in reverse. It had stopped completely!

At that instant, the power immediately shrank and gathered on Su Ming’s real physical body within the pillar of light. This resulted in everything in the area beyond the pillar to return to normal. Only Su Ming’s real physical body was cut off from the time in the area outside, frozen in a state in which time was not moving for it.

At the instant time stopped, Xing Ji Dao’s exhausted traveled outwards.

“Di Tian, change your Life now!”

Di Tian threw his head back and roared before he sat down cross-legged. He struck his forehead with his right hand, and immediately, his body started aging with a bang before he was instantly destroyed.

However, at the instant his body was destroyed, his Nascent Divinity flew out, and he started burning in midair. This burning lasted for the span of two breaths before he reached his limit. As his Nascent Divinity burned… a golden soul appeared!

Di Tian had absorbed the power of his physical body so his Nascent Divinity would increase in power exponentially for a short period of time. With the power burning his Nascent Divinity, he also forced out his soul, which had fused with the Nascent Divinity. The golden hue on the soul exuded the great power of Sublime Paragons!

He had used the burning of the physical body and Nascent Divinity for his soul to return to its former level of cultivation. However, this could not last long. Once the time ran out, the damage he’d suffer would be incredibly grave, but it did not matter to him. During that instant, not only did he regain his former level of cultivation, he even showed improvement. Clearly, even though his level of cultivation in the past years could not match up to his former power, he had gained a lot of epiphanies.

Even the black-robed old man and Xing Ji Dao raised their heads and cast sideways glances at him. Their pupils narrowed slightly.

At that moment, Di Tian’s golden soul turned into a golden long arc that shot into the pillar of light connecting to the heavens. With greed in his eyes, Di Tian cast a glance at Su Ming’s transparent physical body for which time had been frozen.

It lasted for a brief moment before he moved his soul without any hesitation. In an instant, he rushed into Su Ming’s real physical body. When Su Ming saw it, his response was a cold laugh.

Since he could come so close and hide in the black-robed old man’s body, then what Su Ming needed to do was at that moment was not to seize his body back before Di Tian. This was not practical. What he needed to do was simple—to make Di Tian fail, and it would be enough.

Once Di Tian failed, Saint Defier would begin the process of searching for another person to go through the Life Changing Art. In the meantime, Su Ming, who had already attached himself to the black-robed old man, would have enough time to easily seize back his real physical body.

In fact, the instant Di Tian’s soul fused with Su Ming’s real physical body, the black-robed old man helped Su Ming a little. A glint appeared in this eyes, and black light immediately shone on his body.

It was the Light of Extreme Darkness, the one the black-robed old man had promised Di Tian. When he changed his life, he would use it to help him keep his soul steady. The moment the Light of Extreme Darkness appeared, Su Ming immediately gave up on his original plan.

Instead, he had his divine sense leave swiftly with the Light of Extreme Darkness. At the same time Di Tian’s soul began to fuse, Su Ming’s divine sense… entered his real physical body for the first time ever.

A warm feeling he had never sensed before instantly rose in his heart. He was in the physical body he had desired for a long time. It was his real physical body, which he had craved for even in his dreams. When he was in the land of Berserkers and realized that he was just a soul, he had always dreamed about seizing his physical body back. Even when he was banished to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, that thought had persisted in his heart.

At that moment though, he had come infinitesimally close to his physical body. His divine sense fused with it, and the feeling that he could control the body with ease if he was given just a little time gave Su Ming an urge to fuse with it regardless of all costs at that instant.

He could sense the venous paths in the physical body. While they were frozen, Di Tian was swiftly spreading his soul over them. Once his soul spread to all of them, he would succeed in changing his Life.

Su Ming forced down the urge in his heart and laughed coldly. He only needed to change a few things, and he could make it so that Di Tian would not succeed, but the instant Su Ming was about to take action, an indescribable sense of danger rose in his heart.

The sense of danger came from his own physical body. Once it reached him, Su Ming also sensed… a hint of unfamiliarity hidden underneath the familiar sensation of his physical body!

The next moment, the bald crane’s piercing scream resounded in Su Ming’s heart with a hint of anxiety in it. “Something’s off! Su Ming, there’s something wrong with this physical body!

“Su Ming! Damn it, this is the One Billion Corpse Soul Seal! It is the incredibly diabolical forbidden Art only the Sacred Lady of Dark Dawn’s camp had mastered! Su Ming, this isn’t your physical body! This… This… This is a corpse of an Abyss Builder specifically refined by someone using one billion corpses!

“Retrieve your divine sense! If you’re too slow, you’ll be doomed for all eternity! Damn it! Just who could possibly be so malicious?! Once this corpse explodes, it can easily destroy an entire True World!”
