# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1138

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The whirlwinds formed by the power of the World swept outwards from the spot which was once the core of the territory belonging to the Immortals’ Union. As it tumbled outwards, piercing whistles rushed out in all directions at an even faster speed.

The place was described as the spot formerly belonging to the Immortals’ Union because it had now been reduced to complete ruin. Countless Immortals had died, numerous planets were shattered, and an innumerable number of sects were instantly destroyed. However, all of this had yet to reach the degree at which it would threaten to destroy an entire True World. After all, it was not the damage caused by the explosion brought by the One Billion Corpse Soul Seal wreaking havoc, but the power of the World between Saint Defier and Arid Triad spilling forward.

Even so, it was still a great disaster to True Morning Dao World. And there was an even greater disaster waiting for them—the huge gap in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, which had been created by the power of the One Billion Corpse Soul Seal which could destroy a True World.

The gap was like a newly cracked hole in a huge egg that was still some time away from hatching. The the power which was being formed to give birth to a dragon of the heavens had begun flowing outwards. At the same time, due to a large amount of aura from the worlds beyond surging in, signs of erosion appeared in the space around the gap.

There might have been only a few at the start, but more and more of them appeared without stop. Perhaps this process would need a certain amount of time, but in the end Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos would lose its right to become the third camp standing on equal ground with Saint Defier and Dark Dawn!

If Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos had life and could feel pain, it would be experiencing an indescribably intense pain while sensing its life flowing away.

Then, it would spread its pain to all the lives born in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos.

The Predecessor of Dao Ocean tumbled about in Morning Dao Sect while letting out a pained cry. The countless planets in the galaxies which had yet to be affected by the whirlwinds formed by the power of the World in True Morning Dao World started trembling, and countless living beings within them howled in pain. They sensed their lives flowing out of their bodies. Intense pain came with it, and they felt like their bodies and even souls had lost a precious part of them.

All lives behaved in such a manner, including the cultivators. It did not matter whether they were cultivators from the Immortals’ Union or disciples from Morning Dao Sect. All of them sensed the intense pain and felt their lives seeping out of their bodies. Right away, their hearts filled with indescribable terror.

It was as if the universe… had become different from before, like a crack had appeared in an invisible barrier which had protected them without their knowledge.

True Morning Dao World was not the only one affected. The same scene could be observed in within True Sacred Yin World as well. All the cultivators there felt like their spirits were about to be torn apart, and the tremors from all the planets made True Sacred Yin World fall into complete chaos for a period of time.

At the same time, all the powerful warriors in True Sacred Yin World, especially those who were in Fate Realm and above, as well as the Kalpa Lord along with the Sublime Paragon, sensed all what had happened.

There were five mountains floating in space in the galaxy. They shone in five different colors whose light was very piercing. At the centermost mountain was a middle-aged man. While standing quietly at the top, he raised his head to look at the endless universe. At the same time, a dreary expression appeared on his face, followed by a hint of shock.

“I can sense… a huge gap being torn open in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, right where True Morning Dao World is… The power protecting Arid Triad does not exist in that gap…”

“You can sense this because you are connected to True Morning Dao World. What you sense is what True Sacred Yin World understands,” a faint voice said. The air distorted, and a child in red clothes walked out to stand beside the middle-aged man.

The child looked incredibly young, but there was an unimaginably ancient air to him. If anyone looked into his eyes, they would lose themselves.

“Lord Sublime Paragon.” The middle-aged man cast the boy a glance, then wrapped his fist in his palm before bowing slightly to him.

“Many years ago, I sensed that the Sublime Paragon of True Morning Dao World had become incredibly weak. He disappeared the next second, hiding himself away.

“Just now, I sensed his presence again, but it only lasted for an instant before it disappeared once more. At the same time, I sensed… a destructive power that not even I would dare touch coming from True Morning Dao World.

“It could easily destroy Sublime Paragons like me, and it could even destroy a True World!” The boy stared in the direction of True Morning Dao World while speaking calmly.

His words immediately caused the middle-aged man’s expression to change.

“This destructive power that terrifies even me did not shatter True Morning Dao World, but instead opened a gap to Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos…”

A complicated expression appeared on the boy’s face. In fact, even with his level of cultivation, he could not suppress the great anxiety which had appeared on his face at that moment.

“Send the order to all in True Sacred Yin World to prepare for war and bring forth all their strongest equipment. Have the cultivators in all True Worlds… prepare for a great war the kind of which we have never experienced before!

“War is about to start, and it will be of an intensity we have never seen before. Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos will fight against those from beyond! Be prepared to die in this battle. Even I will most likely die in this war, so it is even more like for other cultivators. Be prepared… for True Sacred Yin World to be completely destroyed.

“War…” the boy said softly.

The middle-aged man beside him had already started breathing rapidly. His pupils shrank, and if it was not because of his respect for the boy and knowledge of the other’s status, he would have not believed anything he just said.

Yet those were the words of True Sacred Yin World’s Sublime Paragon. And he even said that he would probably die himself too. This caused the middle-aged man, the Kalpa Lord of True Sacred Yin World, to feel an indescribable terror.

The same scene could be seen in the Emperor of Abyss’ True World. The planets trembled and the cultivators sensed fear and intense pain; however, the person with the greatest influence besides the Sublime Paragon of the Emperor of Abyss’ True World, the Emperor of Abyss, was incredibly quiet.

In a world existing in an unknown region within the Emperor of Abyss’ True World was a lavish palace which towered into the skies. It had a window, and standing beside it was a person.

He had his hands behind his back as he stared outside. Sunlight scattered all over the place, making it impossible to see his face.

He stood beside the window quietly and watched the universe roar. The cultivators within the True World were panicking… but there seemed to be a hint of a smile on the man’s face.

“Lord Sublime Paragon is about to return. The second stage is about to start,” the man murmured in a barely discernible volume. His words were faint, disappearing into the sunlight beyond the window.

True Spirit Hell World, the Fourth True World, was the most mysterious of the four True Worlds, and its name was known only by a select few who were worthy. The instant the gap connecting to Saint Defier’s camp was torn in True Morning Dao World, countless shrill screams reverberated in the Fourth True World.

The came from all regions. Once they joined into one loud roar, the whole world shook..

The screams came from pain as well as a sort of madness…

However, there were cultivators within each region of the Fourth True World who did not make a single sound. Their faces were pale, but they remained aloof.

There were plenty of such cultivators in each region, and they all wore uniform clothes. Once the roars reverberated through the True World, they immediately started trembling, and a grim expression they had never showed before appeared on their faces.

“There is a gap in Arid Triad. Release me! Release me now! I’m willing to fight for Arid Triad!”

“Haha, a gap appeared in Arid Triad! I can sense Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos’ pain. All of you will die. All of you will die…”

“This is the presence of the power of the World. There’s also the presence of those damned cultivators from the worlds beyond. All of you of the damned later generation shall die a million times for your crimes. Look at the Expanse Cosmos we gave you because we felt at ease handing it to you. Open the Spirit Hell and let us out!”

Various roars reverberated in space, and there was an incredibly mighty power contained in each voice. They were so terrifying that most of the cultivators protecting the True World coughed up blood as their hearts trembled.

“Seniors, please calm down. Without the orders from at least two Sublime Paragons from the other three True Worlds’ Sublime Paragons and Kalpa Lords, it is impossible for us to open the Spirit Hell and let you out.

“Even if a disaster which Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos cannot withstand has appeared, it has nothing to do with Spirit Hell. Seniors, please be quiet,” an old, aloof voice said. It could be heard in all of the Fourth True World, but his only response were even stronger roars than before.

However, no matter how much the prisoners shouted, the cultivators protecting the place did not say a single word. Even the ancient voice from before did not say anything.

In the meantime, the whirlwind formed by the power of the World continued sweeping outwards through True Morning Dao World. The spot where the pillar of light connecting to the heavens once existed was the spot where the whirlwind had originated. Bai Feng’s cocoon was being weakened by the wind formed by the power of the World. From the looks of it, it would only be able to last for dozen more breaths before shattering.

Not far from the cocoon was a white light. It came from the white ring, the supreme treasure from Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos. At that moment, the ring was slowly rising into the sky. Judging by the looks of it, it was about to stand up against the power of the World and force its way back into Saint Defier’s camp through the gap.

“Zhang Ji Dao, we have to leave this accursed place as soon as possible. We have to tell the three Lord Saint Defiers that Dark Dawn has prepared such a treachery in this accursed place.

“You have to help me. We… absolutely can’t stay here. Before long, numerous cultivators from Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos will be led here. The both of us must not let Lord Saint Defier’s supreme treasure be snatched away!” Xing Ji Dao roared in the white ring. Even the eyes of his Nascent Divinity were bloodshot as he used his full power to control the white ring.

The eyes of the black-robed old man, who had been Possessed by Su Ming, flashed briefly. He nodded and raised his arms to send his cultivation base to fuse with the white ring.

It immediately lightened Xing Ji Dao’s burden, but the instant he relaxed his guard, he sensed great danger, and his expression changed drastically.

“Zhang Ji Dao… what… what are you doing?!”
