# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1139

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming was skilled in reading the changes in his opponents’ thoughts and taking control of the weaknesses that came from their emotions. This was something which had already showed itself when he was hunting in Dark Mountain.

Since then, a thousand years had passed, and he had become even more proficient at it. His experiences had made his intelligence grow incredibly quickly. When Xing Ji Dao was shocked by the things happening around him and wanted to leave Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos as quickly as possible, why Su Ming used this to his benefit. He first offered help and activated the white ring so that his enemy would relax his guard.

At the instant that happened, Su Ming sent out his Nascent Divinity and soul without any hesitation. He attacked so fast that Xing Ji Dao did not have time to fend against him. If this had happened at any other time, he definitely would not have been in such a state. However, his heart was shaken by the things around him, like the completion of Su Xuan Yi’s crazy plan. He was also fully invested in escaping, which was why he showed a weakness that he would never show under normal circumstances.

“You’re not Zhang Ji Dao!!” Xing Ji Dao growled.

His physical body had been damaged, but the great cultivation base within his soul kept him strong. There was a reason behind why Su Ming could Possess the black-robed old man in just a few breaths, but when it came to Xing Ji Dao, it was not so easy.

However, Su Ming still chose to Possess him. If being accurate, however, it was not Possession just for the sake of itself. He was pushed by the Seed of Life Extermination devouring him.

The instant Su Ming’s soul rushed into Xing Ji Dao’s Nascent Divinity and the man’s roar reverberated in space, he lost control of the white ring. The whirlwind of the power of the World immediately started sweeping towards them.

When Su Ming made his choice, waves of power of the World surged in. They might not be able to destroy a supreme treasure like the white ring, it could destroy Xing Ji Dao and Su Ming who were within it.

“It doesn’t matter who you are, but without us controlling the supreme treasure, we will both die! Damn it, are you mad?!” The moment Xing Ji Dao’s terrified voice rang out, it was completely drowned out by the loud rumbles caused by the power of the World surging inside.

When the white ring was dragged into the tornado, loud whistles reverberated in space. No one knew that there was a crazed Possession and devouring going on there at that moment.

Su Ming was no longer his past self. At that moment, he was like someone who had risen from the ashes. He was going to pursue his new life, and this life would require him to get rid of the Seed of Life Extermination. Only by doing so would he cut off the final connection between him and Su Xuan Yi.

The moment he did so, he would also make Su Xuan Yi think that his body and soul had been destroyed, and that he had turned into nutrients to make the Seed of Life Extermination grow.

To do this, Su Ming needed to Possess Almighties like Xing Ji Dao and devour their souls to replenish the life force absorbed by the Seed of Life Extermination.

That was why even though it was incredibly difficult and there were great dangers in attempting it he had to do it. If he did not, he would not be able to separate himself from the Seed of Life Extermination and run away from the destiny of his body and soul being destroyed. Because of it, there was really no other option for Su Ming.

He had to devour them, and he had to succeed. This was the only thought in Su Ming’s mind the moment he rushed into Xing Ji Dao’s body.

The whirlwind of the power of the World roared and enveloped everything in the area. The white cocoon not too far away was being weakened layer by layer while a woman inside it was hugging herself. As she shivered, helplessness and despair appeared on her face.

Everything around her was in ruins. There was nothing else beside the whirlwind. The entire True Morning Dao World had been reduced to a wreckage.

Fear was on the faces of all cultivators in Morning Dao Sect. All the Relocation Runes connected to Morning Dao Sect were destroyed completely by the whirlwind, separating this True World from the world outside. No one could venture out, and no outsider could get in.

The violent whirlwind rushed around the area beyond Morning Dao Sect. All the cultivators who tried to leave with any method they could think of had their flesh and blood torn off as they screamed shrilly in pain. Once they became a bloody mess, even their Nascent Divinities and souls were forcefully torn apart, and their forms were destroyed.

This scene was the result of Sect Masters of Morning Dao Sect choice to send some of their disciples outwards. The moment they saw it, their expressions grew dark.

Right then, there were only a few cultivators left in Morning Dao Sect. There were only about a few million of them. After all, most of the cultivators of Morning Dao Sect were in the world outside, and there were definitely very few who could survive the rampaging whirlwind. Because of it, the whirlwind’s actions were the equivalent… to giving a hard blow to Morning Dao Sect’s soul.

However, as long as they could survive it, then with their foundation, they would definitely be able to recover.

But the prerequisite to this was that they did not suffer an even greater disaster, or else… there would be a great possibility that after existing for countless years, Morning Dao Sect would disappear in the river of history within Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, just like Ancient Wei.

Yet… to Morning Dao Sect, this sort of hope was only that, hope. In fact, it did not even last for long before it shattered when a shocking bang came from Su Xuan Yi’s isolation grounds.

The chamber serving as Su Xuan Yi’s isolation grounds was falling apart layer by layer in the mid of the rumbling sounds. In just a dozen breaths, it crumbled to pieces with a bang. When the dimension shattered, a heinous, murderous aura which seemed to have been oppressed for tens of thousands of years rose was swiftly released.

Along with that murderous aura came a figure with long hair and black robes. It walked out slowly from the destroyed isolation grounds. Its appearance immediately caused the sky in the world to turn black and countless cracks to appear on the ground as it trembled.

“Sublime Paragon, you had your physical body explode so it would turn it into a seal that would put my body in complete lockdown! Dao Chen, you used the Great Soul Reversal Art to have your will fuse with this place so that I could not walk out of this chamber.

“But now…” The black figure threw his head back and laughed menacingly. There was madness in that laughter, along with thirst for blood and a craziness that spoke of willingness to destroy the universe to achieve his goals.

“But now, Lord Sublime Paragon, your body and soul were destroyed. When you personally entered the physical body I prepared for you, your soul naturally disappeared!

“Dao Chen… you might have been able to fuse your will into the dimension and turn it into a seal serving as a chamber, but you didn’t expect that once the whirlwind fused with the power of the World, it could reduce your seal to its weakest state, allowing me, who had fully recovered, to be able to easily break it!”

The black-clad figure with the heinous murderous aura was naturally… Su Xuan Yi!

“I swore an oath in the past that if I should ever be able to walk out of this seal, I would definitely bring about a bloodbath in Morning Dao Sect to exact revenge for what you’ve done in the past!”

A bloodthirsty smirk appeared on Su Xuan Yi’s lips. Behind him was Sang standing silently. He stared into the distance, but no one knew what he was thinking. However, it was obvious that… Morning Dao Sect had reached its end.

When Su Xuan Yi’s laughter spread out, he immediately left the world. Booming sounds that surged into the sky reverberated in the air, and the world immediately shattered to pieces.

At the same time, a loud, deafening bang which shook the hearts of all the cultivators within Morning Dao Sect rang out in the nine floating continents within the first plane of Morning Dao Sect. At the instant it echoed, everyone saw a scene they would never be able to forget in their lives. In fact, it could even be said that it was the final, most dazzling thing they saw.

One of the nine continents suddenly shattered amid the loud bang, and all the lives on it, all the mountains, rivers, and buildings instantly collapsed.

A long-haired, middle-aged man dressed in black stood at the spot where the shattered continent had once been. His head was lowered to stare at the ground. There was an bottomless, profound look in his eyes, like flames were burning madly in it.

“I once said that this World shall be built for Abyss.” His voice was not loud, but the instant it traveled outwards, it caused the air to tremble, the heavens to shudder, all the continents in the place to rumble, and the hearts of all the cultivators to quiver while indescribable terror rose within them.

With a smile on his face, Su Xuan Yi took a step forward and swung his right arm. Booming sounds rose in the air, and another continent shattered.

“It has been many years since then, and I have waited long for this day.” Su Xuan Yi moved, and three consecutive bangs shook the sky. In no time, only four of the nine continents remained!

“Who are you?!” Roars filled with shock and anger came from the distance. At the same time, dozens of long arcs charged forth with loud whistles. Needless to say, the people in the lead were Sect Masters Ri, Yue, and Xing.

They fixed their stares on Su Xuan Yi. This person appeared unfamiliar, but there was also a hint of familiarity about him. However, they simply could not remember who he was.

“Who am I?” A hint of derision appeared at the corners of Su Xuan Yi’s lips. He suddenly threw his head back and laughed before he lifted his right hand. He did not even move his body, only choosing to point at Sect Master Ri, who had been the one to speak among the three.

“This person’s flesh and blood shalt be used as an offering for mine people, and his soul shalt become mine vessel.”

The pupils of Sect Master Ri, who had the power of those in Death Realm, immediately shrank. At the same time, a shrill scream of pain tumbled out from his mouth. His body instantly withered.

The moment he looked like he was about to die, he raised his right hand and struck the center of his brows. With a bang, his physical body was destroyed, but his Nascent Divinity succeeded in fleeing.

“A Sublime Paragon’s power! He has the power of a Sublime Paragon!!” At the instant his shrill shrieks reverberated in the air, Sect Master Ri’s Nascent Divinity shuddered, and under all the people’s disbelieving gazes… he turned into a crimson wooden sword in the blink of an eye.

The wooden sword hummed, and in a flash, it charged to Su Xuan Yi. It was a telling sign that it was now an Enchanted Treasure. If anyone observed the wooden sword closely, they would find that its presence was identical to that of the wooden sword he had wanted to give to Su Ming!

“Art of Serendipity… This is… the power of a Sublime Paragon!”

The expressions of Sect Masters Ri and Yue instantly changed while Sect Masters behind them went stark pale.

“You’re a Sublime Paragon!!” Sect Master Yue’s voice was filled with disbelief.

“Sublime Paragon? Look closely and see for yourselves who I am!!”

Su Xuan Yi swung his arm, and his face immediately changed. His presence also became that of Dao Chen!
