# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1140

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The instant a presence with which all the Sect Masters of Morning Dao Sect were familiar with erupted, they recognized… that it belonged to their Progenitor, Dao Chen!

“Impossible. Impossible…” Sect Master Yue shuddered. Disbelief appeared in his eyes, followed by great sadness.

“Su Xuan Yi! You’re Su Xuan Y!!” Sect Master Xing’s cried out as his breathing quickened. In his voice was indescribable fear and despair.

“I remember you. You were not yet a Sect Master in the past.” Su Xuan Yi smiled faintly. While staring at Sect Master Xing, he raised his right hand and pointed at him.

The world darkened. Shrill screams of pain caused all those who heard them to feel their hearts tremble. When the world brightened, Sect Master Xing was no longer around. The Almighty in Death Realm had already turned into a red wooden sword that floated around Su Xuan Yi.

“Run! All disciples of Morning Dao Sect, Morning Dao Sect is no longer! With everything that you have, RUN!!!”

As the only Sect Master remaining, Sect Master Yue laughed brokenly with madness in his voice. His words were filled with grief, and he rushed towards Su Xuan Yi the next moment. This Sect Master in Death Realm had chosen to die a heroic death.

“I was born in Morning Dao Sect, and I will die in Morning Dao Sect! This is my home, and even if I die, I will die defending my home!

“Morning Dao Sect, if I am ever born again and you are still around, I still want to be a part of you!”

As he roared, he went aflame. His physical body burned, his Nascent Divinity burned, and even his soul started to burn. A destructive power born from self-destruction was swiftly released by the rampaging power within him.

Madness appeared on the faces of people behind him. Some might have chosen to retreat, but the majority chose to self-destruct.

If they could not live with Morning Dao Sect, then they would die with Morning Dao Sect!

The explosion from dozens of Sect Masters was a madness that could shake the heavens and earth, but it was… destined to be unable to erupt. If Su Ming could control time and make it go in reverse, then it was even more so for Su Xuan Yi!

He only lifted his right hand and swung it forward, and the whole universe’s time flowed in reverse. The explosions were extinguished. The next moment, everyone… turned into red wooden swords.

“From today onwards, Morning Dao Sect will no longer exist,” Su Xuan Yi said faintly, then raised both his arms to swing them forward. Immediately, the dozens of red wooden swords around him whistled and charged in all directions. Wherever they went, continents would crumble, and cultivators would be sliced apart and die wretched deaths.

Even more strange was the fact that every single time the dozens of wooden swords killed a person, a new one would appear in place of the person who had died.

Because of it, as the wooden swords swept sideways, their number gradually increased. If anyone was to use their divine sense to check them at that moment, they would be able to tell that a soul of a member of Morning Dao Sect could be found in each of the wooden swords. They were in endless pain, and they could only watch helplessly as the wooden swords formed from their bodies killed their fellow sect members, friends, lifelong partners, and even the love of their lives.

And the cause of all this was Su Xuan Yi who stood in midair. With the expression of someone who enjoyed watching the deaths and slaughter around him, he stared at the destruction of the sect and listened to the pain-filled cries.

“Destroy all of your families and your sect. I will take back several times what you took from us when you descended on the Fifth True World all those years ago. This… is just the beginning.”

A smile appeared on Su Xuan Yi’s lips. Behind him, Sang watched everything quietly. Conflict and hesitation appeared in his eyes. Yet after a long while, he only sighed and lowered his head.

For a time being, the entire Morning Dao Sect was drenched in blood and encased in crazed slaughter. The continents shattered, and soon, all of them were reduced to pieces of rock that fell into Dao Ocean.

The ninety-nine continents in the second plane too, could not escape from the disaster. As more red wooden swords appeared until their numbers eventually reached a state where they could no longer be counted, the continents crumbled simultaneously.

It did not matter whether they were men, women, the elderly, or the young. Even the toddlers died forlorn deaths. It was a destruction of a sect, so all manner of living within it had to be killed.

Roars echoed in the air at that moment. Four long arcs shot out from Dao Ocean. Within them were the four Spirit Beasts of Morning Dao Sect: the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Turtle!

The four beasts had bloodshot eyes. At the instant they rushed out, they charged towards Su Xuan Yi. The fastest among them was the Vermilion Bird. It instantly closed in, but Su Xuan Yi only raised his hand and swung his arm in its direction before a sea of fire surrounded it. The Vermilion Bird was born of fire, but at that moment, it let out a shrill cry and was reduced to ashes.

Sword light shone. The incoming Azure Dragon was beheaded. Its Nascent Divinity was destroyed, and only its long body fell onto a destroyed continent with a bang.

Falling along with it was the White Tiger. Its body was not complete, for it had turned into countless threads of flesh and blood. Like blood rain pouring from the sky, it scattered all over the land.

As for the Black Turtle, its shell was destroyed. Su Xuan Yi dug out its bloody heart and squashed it into a core. Then he ate it.

“A Black Turtle’s core still tastes pretty good,” Su Xuan Yi said softly, as if he was enjoying the aftertaste. Nostalgia appeared in his eyes.

Booming sounds surged up into the heavens. Once the ninety-nine continents were destroyed, the 999 continents and 9,999 continents in the third and fourth planes were shattered along with all the innocent lives on them. All of them were robbed of their right to live.

Everything in Morning Dao Sect was destroyed, and the sky was reduced to a mere wreck. The ground was ruined. Blood dyed the fog in Dao Ocean, and a bloody stench filled all the parts of the sect.

“Only this Morning Dao Sect is pleasant to the eye.”

Su Xuan Yi ended his recollection of the taste of the Black Turtle’s core, then raised his right hand to strike the shattered sky. Immediately, rumbling sounds rang out once more from the highest spot of the sky. The tower of the Sect Masters was shattered along with a plate created from countless valuable materials. They had originally floated up in the sky, unseen by the naked eye.

Carved into the plate was Morning Dao Sect’s name. At that moment, the plate which had been passed down through generations and which had existed since Morning Dao Sect was created cracked into many pieces.

A smile appeared on Su Xuan Yi’s face. As he stared at the no longer existing Morning Dao Sect, he turned around and walked away. Sang followed quietly behind him. The two of them walked out of Morning Dao Sect and stepped into the rampaging whirlwind.

“It has ended. With just one more thing, everything will be perfect.”

Su Xuan Yi stood in the whirlwind. The distortions of time could be seen around him, as if he could affect a certain part of the whirlwind surrounding him. The distortions made it disappear, returning that part of the galaxy to a point many years ago when the galaxy was in a state of peace.

“Su Ming, my son, where are you?”

Su Xuan Yi smiled faintly. When he was about to close his eyes and search for him, Sang finally lifted his head behind him and stared at Su Xuan Yi’s back.

“You promised me,” he said softly.
