# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1141

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“You promised me that even if you are going to use Su Ming as a host, you will not harm his life, and that this will be a great serendipitous event for him.”

Not a single hint of emotion could be detected on Sang’s face. However, it was the first time he ever used that tone to speak with Su Xuan Yi in the countless years he had been by his side!

It was also the first time he did not have respect stemming from the bottom of his heart in his words. Instead, there was only a cold chill in his voice, and Sang did not even bother hiding it. Instead, he showed it without holding any of it back.

Su Xuan Yi turned his head around and cast Sang a deep look. A darkness gradually rose in his eyes.

“What did you say? Say it one more time, I didn’t hear you clearly,” Su Xuan Yi said faintly. His voice was awe-inspiring, and it sounded like a calm before a storm.

“You promised me that you wouldn’t harm Su Ming!”

Sang trembled lightly. Su Xuan Yi’s mighty pressure was incredibly hard to bear, but he still gritted his teeth and enunciated his words clearly.

“Sang, you have indeed grown to love that child as his parent, but his family name is Su. He is an Abyss Builder, and he must be prepared to sacrifice everything for the Abyss Builders. I can promise you as I have already promised him that I will make it up to him. I will make it up to him for everything that I’ve done in the end!

Su Xuan Yi stayed silent for a moment before a complicated look appeared on his face, and he said softly, “What I need the both of you to do is to believe in me completely. Hand me your lives and your destinies, and one day, I will fulfill my promise and will make it up to all of you for everything.”

“I have always believed in you. It has been the case in the past, it still is now, and it will be so in the future, but I have one request. Don’t harm him anymore. Let him go. You promised me…” Anguish appeared on Sang’s face as he said those words in a low voice.

Su Xuan Yi fell silent. In the galaxy with the roaring whirlwinds, his silence lasted for about the time it takes for an incense stick to burn.

“And if I refuse?” Su Xuan Yi’s calm voice spread out slowly through the howling whirlwind, and a resolute expression appeared on Sang’s face.

“If you don’t keep to your promise, then I… can’t be sure whether I can keep to my own promise to help you complete the second part of your plan.”

The instant Sang said that, Su Xuan Yi whirled around, and with an electrifying gaze, he stared at Sang. After a long, long time, a smile suddenly appeared on his face.

“I promised you, and I will fulfill my promise.”

Su Xuan Yi decided not to search for Su Ming. Instead, he raised his right hand, formed a seal, and swung his arm. Immediately, whirlwinds filled the space in the galaxy, and a complicated runic symbol appeared. It flashed a few times before disappearing without a trace.

In a galaxy far away from this place but still within True Morning Dao World was the territory which had once been the core of the Immortals’ Union. It was also the spot where the whirlwind began and where Saint Defier’s Heaven Penetrating Pillar was once located. Su Ming, who had just executed the first invisible battle of Possession against the resistance of Xing Ji Dao suddenly felt a ripple in his heart. The half of the Seed of Life Extermination which was about to mature in his soul had trembled.

Right after, Su Ming felt a great suction force in his soul. It shrank by three-tenths of its original size, and the speed of Seed of Life Extermination’s growth instantly increased exponentially.

All of this happened the instant Su Ming suppressed Xing Ji Dao’s Nascent Divinity with the power from Possession!

When nearly three-tenths of his soul were forcefully devoured by the Seed of Life Extermination, a feeling of weakness he had never felt before rose in his heart. At that moment, the final bit of disbelief towards this matter shattered in Su Ming’s heart. It was followed by a great pain due to the destruction of that disbelief.

The Seed of Life Extermination seemed to have gone through a catalysis due to the control of someone from a boundless distance away. In just the span of one breath, it sucked his soul again, and this time, it took another three-tenths!

Most of Su Ming’s soul had been absorbed by that point, and a strange and enchanting light spread out from the Seed of Life Extermination. It traveled through Su Ming’s soul, and it could be clearly seen that the Seed of Life Extermination longed to become complete and was rapidly growing for that purpose. Judging by the looks of it, as long as it could absorb a little more of the soul, it could reach completion.

Su Ming stared at it in silence. He did not fight back, and neither did he struggle against it. To Su Ming, all of this was already unnecessary. It was just like a dream that a child might have, and now, he was about to wake up from it. He… was about to fully grow up.

In silence, Su Ming saw the Seed of Life Extermination shudder. Right after, the third violent suction force appeared. This time, it absorbed the remaining thirty nine-hundredths of Su Ming’s soul, leaving behind only a sliver of it. Everything else was absorbed cleanly.

When nearly all of Su Ming’s soul was absorbed, the Seed of Life Extermination finally became completely. The statue resembling half a ship was filled with great power. It also seemed like it contained the will of all lives. Once it was completed… it left Su Ming’s soul and flew out of his body. With a flash, it left the white ring and charged towards the whirlwind in space.

Su Ming watched this scene. He stared at the Seed of Life Extermination leaving and felt like his past had also been taken away by the Seed of Life Extermination. At that moment, Su Ming died, and the one who survived would be a person who loved silence, refused to show his face, and in all the people’s eyes would only appear as a stranger.

Su Ming’s soul had not been completely absorbed. A sliver of it was left, but if Su Ming did not receive any serendipity, then while he might not die, he would become incredibly weak. He would be reduced to a mere mortal, and even one who had forgotten everything about his past.

Perhaps instead of saying that it was a sliver of his soul, it would be better to say that it was a thread of life force. It was the life force Su Xuan Yi had given to him once his elder had fought and exchanged himself for him.

However, to Su Ming, the existence of the sliver of life force was not important. Even if he did not have it, he could still rise to power. It would just take a bit longer.

Su Ming stared at the Seed of Life Extermination leaving into the distance and watched it disappear into the whirlwind while he mumbled under his breath, “Su Ming has died. From now on… I am Mo Su!”

His eyes slowly fell shut. He had lost ninety-nine-hundredths of his soul. During that instant, he had fused with the pure soul left behind by the black-robed old man once the other’s consciousness was wiped away from it.

At the same time, the sliver of Su Ming’s original soul started absorbing the black-robed old man’s soul in a mad rush. The so-called fusion was in truth Su Ming’s soul treating the black-robed old man’s soul as nutrients, just like the seed had done to him. By doing so, he could make himself grow swiftly.

Time trickled by. As he continued absorbing this soul and executed the extreme devouring, the black-robed old man’s soul became smaller while his own soul gradually grew larger.

When the black-robed old man’s soul was completely absorbed, Su Ming’s soul had already recovered to nearly six-tenths of its original power.

This did not mean that the black-robed old man’s soul was too weak. After all, based on their levels of cultivation, the black-robed old man was far stronger than Su Ming. However, in the process of devouring, the black-robed old man’s soul suffered from a form of deterioration, and Su Ming was not executing a simple fusion either. He was using the black-robed old man’s soul to nourish himself. Because of it, once he got rid of the impurities, he could return to nearly six-tenths of his soul.

This was akin to piece of land having a seed. As the seed grew, it absorbed all the water from the ground. Once it matured and absorbed all the water, the land would turn into a desert.

The cracked, dry ground would also be land, but if it was used to describe the black-robed old man’s soul, it could be said that the desert was the impurities in it.

Once Su Ming absorbed the black-robed old man’s soul, he opened his eyes, and without any hesitation, he cast his gaze on the suppressed Xing Ji Dao.

The man’s resistance was as fierce as ever, but Su Ming had taken full grasp of timing and seized the opportunity to gain an upper hand on him. He only needed to maintain this advantage over Xing Ji Dao and continue using his inborn talent in Possession to suppress him.

Even if Su Ming was an Abyss Builder, two consecutive Possessions was an act of complete madness. Yet at that moment, Su Ming could no longer care about it. He wanted to live, and he wanted to live properly. He wanted to live another life so that he could overturn his destiny.

When Su Xuan Yi formed a seal and swung his arm in the whirlwind within the galaxy beyond Morning Dao Sect which was located incredibly far away from where Su Ming was, the complicated runic symbol flashed three times before it floated in the galaxy without moving. However, in just a few dozens of breaths, a long arc with a speed exceeding that of shifting came from the distance.

There was dark light spreading out from that long arc, and it was so quick that it surpassed what divine senses could detect. It instantly appeared beside the runic symbol and fused with it. As that item came to an abrupt halt, what appeared before Su Xuan Yi and Sang’s eyes was Su Ming’s Seed of Life Extermination—the statue of half of a ship!

As Sang stared at it, a hint of pain and grief appeared in his eyes.

There was only determination in Su Xuan Yi’s eyes as he slowly raised his hand to seize the space in the direction of the ship formed by half of the Seed of Life Extermination Immediately, it shot through the distortions of time around Su Xuan Yi and appeared on his palm. He wrapped his fingers around it.

“Su Ming didn’t die. I fulfilled my promise to you.” Su Xuan Yi swung his right arm and put away the Seed of Life Extermination before he raised his head and stared at the distant galaxy.

“Let’s go. We should leave True Morning Dao World now. Let me bring you to the True World that belongs to me.” Su Xuan Yi took a step forward in space, and his body instantly disappeared. Sang followed him silently, but before he vanished, he turned his head around and cast his gaze into the distance with a complicated expression on his face. A hint of resolution which Su Xuan Yi could not see appeared in his eyes.
