# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1144

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

In True Morning Dao World, there was a spot that had once belonged to the Immortals. It was an incredibly strange place even to the four Great True Worlds and the whole of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos.

Over there was the homeland of Su Ming’s memories—Yin Death Region!

The entrance to it was a vortex that seemed to have no end. While Su Ming was listening to Bai Feng’s quiet murmurs in the pit on the broken planet in the galaxy, there were countless whirlwinds formed by the power of the World which could destroy cultivators and planets howling before the vortex, but even they… could not affect Yin Death Vortex. They could blow around it, but not enter.

Countless dimensions were within Yin Death Vortex, and there were plenty of races living there. The Berserkers were simply one of them.

In one of the many dimensions was a fiery red world. Its sky was red, its earth was red, and it was filled with countless seas of fire that swept up hot air. When wind blew, it would stir up flames which were so bright they were blinding. The world looked like a burning hell!

Over there was a mountain surrounded by flames. It was a volcano that had been extinguished countless years ago. In it was a huge lake of fire. Red light shone from it, casting the volcano in a dark red light.

Floating in the lake of fire was a purple coffin. No one knew how long it had been in that place, but the ancient air spreading out from it made it clear that it should have been around for at least tens of thousands of years.

Countless runic symbols were branded on the coffin, and once every nine breaths, they would flash. It seemed like this would continue without end for all eternity. However… banging sounds suddenly came from the coffin. This was the first time since countless years that this happened, and it changed the rhythm of the runic symbols. Instead of shining once every nine breaths, they began to shine once every eight breaths.

The banging sounds became increasingly louder, as if something was continuously hitting the coffin. The runic symbols began to shine even more frequently, changing their interval to once every seven breaths, then once every six breaths. When it became once every three breaths, a louder than before bang came from the coffin.

At that moment, the lid of the coffin lifted, and it slowly floated into midair. The lake of fire around it started tumbling about furiously, as if it was roaring loudly. At the same time, an arm shot out from the coffin.

It was a thin and shriveled arm with all five fingers parted from each other. At the instant it shot out of the coffin, all the lava in the volcano erupted. The land in the area outside roared at once. The sky, too, trembled furiously. Tumbling red clouds immediately appeared above the volcano.

It was as if the entire world had been affected the instant the arm shot out from the coffin. Soon after, the five parted fingers slowly clenched into a fist. The entire world’s flames and heat immediately started surging madly towards them as if they were centering themselves towards the arm.

All of this only lasted the duration of the hand clenching itself into a fist. If anyone looked from the highest point in that world, they would have been able to see that the sea of fire had tumbled backwards. Wherever the flames passed, all heat would be taken from the land, and the ground would turn black.

At the same time, all the flames in the place, including the flame clouds in the sky, were absorbed by the volcano. They gathered on the palm from the arm that had reached out from the coffin. Once the person seized the flames, a crimson pearl appeared in his hand.

Within it, a sea of fire was tumbling, and fire clouds were swimming. It looked like an entire world.

A sigh came from the coffin. Gradually, a tall figure slowly sat up. When he eventually stood up, a crimson robe could be seen. That robe was not a normal robe… but an Emperor’s robe!

A crown was also on the man’s head, giving him the domineering air of an Emperor. It filled the volcano and the entire world.

“I failed, huh?” the person said softly.

He had a strange, imposing tone, like he looked down on all forms of life in the world. He might have said that he failed, but no one could hear even a single hint of regret towards his failure in his voice.

“I have long since guessed it. The possibility of success for it was too low. Su Xuan Yi was the most formidable man of his generation. There was no way that he would not have any backups, but since the start, my main plan was only to learn what he was planning.

“An enemy who can no be understood is frightening, but once they reveal themselves, they are no longer frightening.

“The intention behind this plan was to make Su Xuan Yi go through with his plan so that I would know what he was planning…”

As he spoke, the man in the Emperor’s robe and crown slowly raised his head to reveal his face. Needless to say… he was Di Tian!

Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that he looked exactly the same as Di Tian, but his face was even more ancient. The domineering air about him was also stronger, and his level of cultivation was also greater!

“I had sent out a soul fragment as a test. It would have been good if I could succeed, but even if I failed, it doesn’t matter. That tiny Immortals’ Union holds no importance to me,” the man said faintly.

A glint shone in his eyes, and he raised his head to stare at the sky above the volcano. Gradually, the hint of a smile appeared at the corners of his lips.

“Three Sovereigns and five Emperors, my fellow Daoists, have all of you rested well?”

His voice traveled through the world and echoed within all of Yin Death Region. After a moment, powerful ripples charged towards him from seven different dimensions.

There were terrifying divine senses touching each other in that place, as if they were communicating with each other. After a long while, they disappeared to return to their own worlds, and Yin Death Vortex gradually regained its calm.

“It is just as I thought. We’ll have Su Xuan Yi change the world outside. There is no need for us to get out so soon. We’ll let him continue with his plan, and at the final moment, we will let him know that he… is just a farce.”

Di Tian smiled faintly before he slowly lay down in his coffin once more. He unfurled his right hand, allowing the crimson pearl in it to spread out and fill the world with seas of fire once more.

“My injuries have completely recovered from ten thousand years ago… Avacaniya, Avacaniya… I’ve come to understand the basics of this Realm. If I get more time, then perhaps I will truly have the right… to reach this Realm. I have you to thank for this, Su Xuan Yi…” Di Tian mumbled, and the lid of the coffin fell with a bang. Once the coffin was sealed, it slowly sank back into the lake of fire, disappearing without a trace.

…..

“That damn Immortals’ Union, that damn Morning Dao Sect, this damn universe, and this damn whirlwind!”

In another broken planet within True Morning Dao World was a young man dressed in black robes who looked incredibly disheveled and had madness in his eyes. He brought his arms up as if he was pushing up the sky while shouting at it.

“Hey, you bastards! Persevere! The Rune is about to be completed! This damn whirlwind will not be able to destroy us cultivators from the War Chamber!”

As the young man roared, the near twenty thousand cultivators behind roared as well, and all of them sent forth their power for it to fuse with the air. Gradually, a screen of light appeared. It looked like it wanted to envelop the planet within it.

In the crowd was Flame Fiends’ Progenitor and Zhu You Cai. They were both there!

…..

In a galaxy which was in True Morning Dao World was a lone ship which seemed to treat the whirlwind as a huge wave in the ocean. It treated the galaxy as seawater, and it was swimming forward through it.

“O wind, o stars, you’re so pretty… O wreckages, o space, it’s a pity that there isn’t any sunlight. Ah, why are you not pretty?” A bright and clear voice rose from the ship. When it reverberated in space, it held a hint of exultation.

“What a lovely poem!”

“Sir, your literary talents are great, a gift rarely seen in a million years. This is definitely the best poem I’ve ever heard.” The voice filled with exultation was soon followed by a woman’s giggles.

As the ship went forward, it could be seen that there was a layer of fog surrounding it. The fog appeared to be thin, but it seemed to keep the whirlwind at bay, not allowing the power of the World to reach the ship.

It could be seen that there was a table on the ship. Sitting beside it was an incredibly handsome long-haired man. He had an air about him like he was as gentle as a flower.

By his side were three women as beautiful as flowers. With gentle gazes, they stared at the man. It looked like even if the man spewed out a pile of utter crap… that crap would still sound poetic to them…

One of them was pouring wine for the man while another was holding a sweet fruit for him. The third one was gently massaging his legs. The women’s petite faces had gentle and loving expressions.

The man shook his head, as if he was thinking back about his poem.

From behind the four people, in other words the end of the ship, came a discordant sound that broke the poetic air.

It was a snore as loud as thunder, and it even had a rhythmic pattern to it. Occasionally, it would be loud, while at other times, it would be soft. The one who produced it was an incredibly large man that looked like a fierce tiger. In his hands, he held a pot of wine.

At that moment, he was dreaming, and there was drool trickling out of his mouth. No one could tell what he was dreaming about, but he seemed to be very happy.

The man turned around and murmured, “Youngest junior brother, come drink this pot of wine.” After those words, his snores became even louder.

“Hah…” As if he had heard the murmured words, the man who was as gentle as a flower slowly opened his eyes to stare at the distant galaxy before he lowered his head and sighed.

“Youngest junior brother, where are you?”

…..

At the same time, within one of the 999 continents in the third plane of the now ruined Morning Dao Sect was a figure gradually crawling out from the wreckage. He looked rather pathetic, but monstrous hatred could be detected on his sleazy face.

“SU XUAN YI!!!”

The man quivered with rage. He had an extremely low level of cultivation, but the hate spreading out from his body at that moment could destroy anything.

Tears fell from his eyes as he stared at his surroundings. After throwing his head back and roaring, he flew out. He wanted to see if there were any other survivors. Even if there was only a sliver of hope, he would not give up.
