# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1145

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The person was De Shun.

The De in his name meant morality, and Shun meant having everything going one’s way when they bought things.

It was the De Shun who had went to Su Ming’s lotus platform when he was going through the challenges as a Dynast in True Morning Dao World. The things he said had left the ten million cultivators in the area flabbergasted, and even Su Ming had been stunned for a moment.

The man had great talent, but did not have the heart to practice the ways of cultivation and only wanted to conduct small business. Yet now, the cheeky grin on his face had been replaced by searing hatred, along with deep sadness.

“They died. They’re all dead!” De Shun screamed forlornly as he charged through the ruins of Morning Dao Sect. He had survived not because he had great power or Enchanted Treasures. It was just pure coincidence; one that even Su Xuan Yi had not paid attention to.

After all, there would surely be a few people who would manage to avoid a destruction that caused the deaths of several millions of people.

With a broken smile, De Shun charged through the ruins of Morning Dao Sect before he came to a sudden halt. Then, he rushed to a fragment of a broken continent floating in the area below. When he descended, he immediately formed a seal with his hands, and the fragment let out a bang. As dust and dirt flew into the air, a body buried in a pit was revealed.

It belonged to a woman which De Shun had never seen before, but if Su Ming saw her, he would definitely be able to recognize, for she was… Xu Hui.

Her face had drained of color. While seated, her eyes were shut tight. There was blood at the corners of her mouth. Her hair was no longer black, but had turned white. There was a purple layer of light around her, and its shape resembled that of a scorpion. In fact, there was also the mark of a scorpion occasionally shining at the center of her brows.

The instant De Shun saw Xu Hui, her eyes fly open behind the purple screen of light. Dark light shone within them, as if there was a scorpion hidden in her pupils. Malice spread out from her, and she moved at that instant and appeared right beside De Shun, whose expression changed drastically change and who was just about to say something. Without any hesitation, Xu Hui grabbed his neck at lightning speed. It was too fast for De Shun to dodge.

“You…” De Shun’s expression immediately changed, but a vast power instantly came from Xu Hui’s right hand, suppressing him. The moment fear appeared in his eyes, Xu Hui raised her left hand and struck the center of his brows. At the same time, the shadow of a scorpion rushed out of her left hand and went into De Shun’s body through her palm.

“I’ve planted the Scorpion Shadow Gu Poison in you. Bring me to Su Ming. He will break this Shadow Gu Poison in your body and will also grant you a great serendipity! No one else but the people I’ve acknowledged can cure this gu poison. If you try it recklessly, you will surely die an unnatural death!”

The moment Xu Hui said those words, her body shuddered. Then, she closed her eyes and fell to the ground, unconscious.

With a pale face, De Shun immediately took a few steps back. Fear lingered on his face. The power Xu Hui had showed just then was incredibly great in his eyes, reminding him of the Almighties he had faced in the past.

In fact, he could sense clearly that if she wanted to kill him, she could have easily done so.

“Damn it, did you just return my kindness with enmity?!”

Anger appeared on De Shun’s face. He circulated his cultivation base to check his body, and his facial color immediately went even paler. He even shuddered a few times.

He could clearly sense his veins twisting in his body, intersecting with each other to form the shape of a scorpion. Cold chill filled his body, making him suck in a sharp breath. He remembered the words Xu Hui had said before she fell unconscious.

Outrage filled De Shun’s body as he thought about what had happened. It had been out of good intentions that he had checked to see whether she was alive, yet he ended up in such a situation. If anyone else was in his position, they would definitely feel as indignant as he was.

“Damn it, who is Su Ming? Where am I supposed to find this Su Ming? I can’t even get out of Morning Dao Sect, y-y-you…”

De Shun fumed with rage. He took a few steps forward to check the unconscious Xu Hui, then raised his leg, intending to kick her, but the instant he raised his leg, her eyelashes fluttered, and she opened her eyes.

This instantly caused De Shun to shudder, and he put on an obsequious smile while moving backwards in a submissive manner.

Yet the instant Xu Hui opened her eyes, her body started shrinking in a bizarre manner, and in just the span of a few breaths, she, who was originally an adult, turned into a little girl of around six or seven years old.

“Who-who are you?!”

The instant De Shun moved back, fear and panic appeared in Xu Hui’s eyes, and she swiftly moved backwards as well, as if she was terrified of him. She hugged herself while her face filled with wariness and fear. She looked as if she was about to cry.

“Where is this? Wh-who are you?!”

De Shun was taken aback. He stared at Xu Hui in surprise, then once he scrutinized her, he asked a question as a test.

“Um… Lady Immortal, don’t you remember me?”

“Big brother, who are you? I-I don’t know you.” Xu Hui’s face was pale. She looked around herself in panic, and the fear in her eyes grew stronger.

A thought appeared in De Shun’s head. He took a few more steps back before asking another question to test her.

“Who is Su Ming?”

“Su Ming? Who is Su Ming? Are you Su Ming?”

Confusion appeared on Xu Hui’s face as if she was somewhat familiar with that name, but almost the same moment, pain clouded her features. The mark of the scorpion shone, and Xu Hui immediately wrapped her hands around her head. As she shuddered, her pain grew even more intense.

“Aha!” De Shun’s eyes instantly brightened, and great joy filled his heart.

‘Looks like this diabolical woman has lost her memories. But it’s not a surprise. After all, I might have been lucky enough to live through this disaster, but not everyone was as fortunate as I. She must have activated some sort of divine ability which allowed her to live, but its great side effect is that it will cause her to lose her memories and even turn her into a child. Yup, that’s definitely the case!

‘That’s why she planted that Scorpion Something Gu Poison in me the first time she woke up… She had also referred to me as big brother. Could it be? that’s right, her memories must have become jumbled up, and by the looks of it, she’s filled with fear. Her body is that of a child as well. Could it be?

‘Could it be that her memories have regressed to the period of time when she was still a child and she has yet to walk down the path of cultivation?’

De Shun let out a dry cough, and with shifty eyes, he took a few steps forward. A sleazy look immediately appeared on his face.

“Little girl, where are your parents?” De Shun delivered his question in an incredibly natural manner, and there was not a hint of falsehood in it, as if he was truly treating her as a young girl he had met coincidentally.

“Papa… Mama… I don’t know. I want to go home…” Xu Hui started crying like a child. While doing so, she started moving backwards.

De Shun’s expression immediately changed to glee. He threw his head back and laughed, then leaped towards Xu Hui. He had already made up his mind to beat her up so that he could force this diabolical woman to break the gu poison in her.

De Shun did not think about anything else. After all, the woman was in Morning Dao Sect. She might not be a disciple of Morning Dao Sect, but she definitely had some connection with it. Morning Dao Sect had already been destroyed, so when he looked at her, he had a feeling that they were in the same boat.

“Y-you… Don’t come any closer! Go away!” Xu Hui immediately screamed. She quickly moved back, and the fear on her face reached its peak.

Xu Hui, who had turned into child, looked pitiful at that moment, as if she had just gone through a great scare.

However, the moment she finished speaking, disbelief appeared on De Shun’s face. He could only watch helplessly as his body moved back, no longer under his control.

“Go away, go away, go away…” Xu Hui repeated in fear. Every single time she said those words, De Shun would immediately move dozens of feet backwards. Gradually, great terror showed up on his face. An ominous feeling rose in his heart.

‘This… Could this be?’

“You’re a bad person. Mama said that bad people will fall on their faces when they walk…”

Right when Xu Hui said that, De Shun suddenly slipped and fell. His face landed straight on the ground, and intense pain immediately filled his head. However, the pain in his body at that moment could not compare with the fear he felt in his heart. His expression had already changed completely.

‘Puppet poison! Damn it, that gu poison she used was puppet poison!’

As if she had become slightly happier because De Shun had fallen on his face, Xu Hui no longer seemed to be so terrified. She clapped her tiny hands and broke into a smile before she started speaking again.

“Bad people use their hands to walk.

“Bad people walk on their hands and feet like turtles.

“Bad people lie on the ground and crawl about on their backs.

“Bad people…”

“Mistress! You’re my mistress! I’m begging you, I-I-I… I was wrong! I was really wrong! I… I’ll take you back home!” De Shun immediately cried out, pleading for mercy. He was really worried that the girl would next say something like bad people use their tongues to walk…

…..

While De Shun was being tormented by Xu Hui, Bai Feng raised her head with nostalgia on her face to look at the sky of the broken planet beyond Morning Dao Sect. In faint murmurs, she talked about the past while the whirlwind howled outside.

With only half a month left to live, she no longer cared about who was beside her. Even if she was alone, she would still talk about her memories. It was as if only by doing so could she not be alone before her life ended…

Su Ming listened quietly until the bald crane’s divine thought appeared in his heart.

“It’s done! Su Ming, I already told you how to cast that Mortal Refinement Art. Cast it here. If you’re fast, then you’ll go through nine cycles of reincarnation in a year. During that period of time, remember to have the Light of Extreme Darkness spread around you. I’ll also protect you, so don’t worry.” There was a smug tone in the bald crane’s voice as if it was very happy that it could remember the Mortal Refinement Art.
