# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1153

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Within a vast galaxy in True Morning Dao World was a whirlwind. It had already raged for over ten months. Thankfully, it did not continue becoming stronger, but it didn’t weaken either. It continued raging in the galaxy, intending to destroy all signs of life.

Ten months might not be long even for a mortal, but in this place, to the cultivators who could originally move across galaxies and had the world at their beck and call… the ten months wa a very long period of time.

They could not venture too far away from their shelters. They had no way of learning what happened in the world outside and could not contact their fellow Daoists. They had been trapped in a hopeless situation and could only watch the whirlwind beyond the galaxy. Full of anxiety, they quietly waited for the day when the whirlwind would disappear on its own, which might or might not happen.

However, there were some cultivators who gradually found some indistinct patterns in the whirlwind with the use of their mighty strength and ceaseless investigations during the ten months. With the knowledge of the patterns, they could venture slightly further away to head to other places in search of their surviving companions… or to rob those who were in trouble!

At that moment, there were thirteen huge meteors not too far away from the planet where Su Ming was meditating. They were charging forth through the whirlwind. When they touched it, they shrank at a speed visible to the naked eye. Judging by looks of it, they would last only for three more days before they were crushed by the wind.

And this was under the condition that there was cultivation energy being sent continuously from the meteors to constantly neutralize the power of the World in the whirlwind. Otherwise, they would shatter even sooner.

The thirteen meteors were empty at the center, and there were three cultivators sitting cross-legged and meditating in each one of them. Their clothes were rather beautiful and did not seem to be disheveled. After all, during the ten months in which True Morning Dao World was reduced to wreckage, they did not care too much about it as cultivators.

Besides the three main cultivators who were meditating in each of the thirteen meteors, there were dozens of others around them. Their presences were weak, and their bodies were pinned against the walls by dozens of nails. Their minds were clear, but their cultivation bases had been pinned to the walls of the meteors in a bizarre fashion. They were connected to where they were situated.

They were clearly being treated as living spirit stones and were forced to release their cultivation bases continuously so they would fuse with the meteors to fight against the whirlwind in the world outside.

“Based on the information Old Monster Wen sent us several months ago, there is a planet in a rather good condition three days away from here. There are ripples of power from cultivation bases spreading out from there.

A middle-aged man who was one of the three people sitting in the meteor in the lead opened his eyes. A ferocious smile appeared on his lips, and he said languidly, “Let’s hope that we can get a very good haul this time…”

“What if we run into those from Morning Dao Sect?” An old man also opened his eyes. When he voiced his question in a calm voice, he cast his gaze at the last person among them.

“There are no longer any sects after the great disaster in True Morning Dao World. We’ll just kill them and use their cultivation base as a soul source to keep the Rune in operation. Their Enchanted Treasures will belong to me, their soul goes to you, and their body will go to Fellow Daoist Miao.”

The last person of the three was a young man. He was dressed in a Constellation Robe, but the robe made it clear that he was not a direct descendant, just a member of the branch family.

However, the young man’s power was incredibly great. He had already attained great completion in Solar Kalpa Realm, and he was only a step away from entering Mastery Realm. Yet for some unknown reason, the mighty pressure spreading out from his body could cause the other two to treat him as their equal.

Even if the they were in Mastery Realm!

After all, there were few who were weaklings among those able to survive so freely in the disaster. Only those who had the power of Almighties had the right to do so.

The two men cast each other a glance, then smiled faintly. They did not speak and closed their eyes.

Time trickled by. In the blink of an eye, three days went by. When the third day arrived, most the thirteen meteors had been lost, but they still did not disintegrate in the whirlwind. Instead, they turned into thirteen shooting stars that charged towards Su Ming’s planet.

After a moment, booming sounds rang out from the planet. A powerful tremor shook it ceaselessly. There were many parts at the edges that were reduced to fragments and swept up by the whirlwind into the galaxy.

While Su Ming was enveloped by the Light of Extreme Darkness in the pit, a glint suddenly shone in the bald crane’s eyes, and its gaze turned into a fierce glare. It flew up and rushed out of the Light of Extreme Darkness. Then when it cast its gaze into the distance, its expression changed.

‘One, two, three… Darn it all, there are hundreds of people in those thirteen shooting stars?! That’s not right, there are only 39 lively presences. The others… have been turned into puppets used to protect and operate the thirteen shooting stars… They’re like human-shaped spirit stones. This idea isn’t too bad. I didn’t expect them to be able to use this method to move through the galaxy.

‘Could it be… that they came here because of this place?’

A thought formed in the bald crane’s mind, and it shrank, returning back to its place. It dissipated and fused with the Light of Extreme Darkness while changing the scenery so that no one would be able to see a pit, but flatland.

It did not take long before the 39 long arcs charged over from the distance. In an instant, they came to Su Ming’s isolation grounds and drifted in space. An icy expression appeared on the 39 people’s faces. They had grim, murderous looks.

Clearly, all of them were people who had killed plenty of others. There were six among them who exuded the mighty pressure belonging to Almighties, and even the weakest among them was in the later stage of World Plane Realm.

There were some who were originally cultivators from Morning Dao Sect, and there were also those from the Immortals’ Union. They had been from two opposing parties who would fight against each other the moment they ran into each other ten months ago, but right then, they were on friendly terms. The reason for it was the disaster that had fallen on True Morning Dao World. The distribution of loot between them was also a factor to their cordial relationship.

“It’s strange; it should be in this place. Based on the information the old monster told us, it should be this place!”

A glint shone in the eyes of the old man named Miao, and a jade slip showed up in his hand. When he read it, he frowned and spoke slowly.

“Could it be that Old Monster Wen sold us fake information?” one of the thirty people immediately asked with a cold sneer.

“He wouldn’t dare. If he dared to sell us fake information, I would definitely find him and skin him alive. I would then use the fat of his corpse to light a lamp to burn his soul!”

“Impossible. Fellow Daoist Wen has a good reputation. Even if he is selling fake information, he wouldn’t sell it to us. Could it be that the person here left?”

“He either left or hid himself. We might not be able to sense anything with our divine senses, but if we destroy this planet and fuse it into our Enchanted Vessels, we wouldn’t have come here in vain. If that person has really hid himself, then when we crush the planet, he will naturally show up,” the young man in the Constellation Robe said in a sinister voice.

As he spoke, he raised his right hand and seized space. Immediately, the galaxy rumbled, and a black, long blade appeared in his hand.

When it appeared, the weather changed. Waves of cold air crashed into everyone’s faces, and greed immediately filled the expressions of the cultivators in the area. But their wariness was even greater than their greed.

“The sect defending treasure of the Immortals’ Union’s Freezing Blade Sect, the Heavenly Frost Cutting Blade… Heh heh, only you alone are suited to have this item, Brother Dao. At least my action of killing the Great Sect Elder of Freezing Blade Sect in the past when he went into isolation to cure his wounds wasn’t in vain.” The old man named Miao smiled faintly.

“Brother Miao, you praise me too much. I’ve also split up a portion of Great Sect Elder Han Dao’s soul with you, didn’t I? The strength of your divine sense is outstanding among your peers.

“And Brother Song obtained the physical body of Freezing Blade Sect’s Great Sect Elder. After he refined it, he added another layer of refined skin on himself. He might be the person with the strongest physical body among his peers.”

The young man dressed in the Constellation Robe made light of this matter. As he spoke, he raised his right hand and pushed it swiftly downwards!

The ground immediately roared, and a black thread appeared. As it distorted, several threads spread out from it. As they intersected with each other, they turned into a black net that charged towards the ground.

The net was large and had no end. Judging by the looks of it, once it landed, it would instantly crush the planet and cut it into countless stone fragments.

The flatland that the bald crane had manifested was also within the area where the net would cut. If it truly landed, Su Ming’s isolation grounds would immediately be revealed.

The bald crane’s illusion could hide them from the detection of all divine senses, but there was a huge weakness to it. What it created was an illusion, not something real. The naked eye and divine senses might not be able to detect it, but if anyone broke it forcefully, they would immediately notice the difference.

‘Damn it, Su Ming still needs a few more months! Why did this group of people suddenly appear in this place?! And who is that Old Monster Wen?! How did he know that there’s someone here?!’

The bald crane’s eyes glowed in the Light of Extreme Darkness. A dark look appeared on its face, and it did not bother to dodge the black net descending on them. It simply allowed the net to charge towards the ground.

When the ground trembled, huge cracks immediately appeared. They spread out and intersected with each other with loud bangs. In just a few breaths, a loud bang came from the planet as if it was about to crumble.

Yet at that moment when the black net cut up the planet and touched the illusion, it suddenly disappeared on its own, and an endless black light spread out from within.

The thirty something cultivators in the area were the first to be affected. At the instant the black light spread out, some of them immediately let out shrill screams of pain. Cold chills filled their bodies. Four of them who were cultivators in the later stage of World Plane Realm plunged straight to the ground. With a thump, their bodies turned into blocks of ice. Their Nascent Divinities could not escape either. They were instantly shot through by the black light, and their forms as well as their souls were destroyed.

The other people escaped by a stroke of luck, but shock was on all their faces. Only the eyes of the six cultivators who had the presences of Almighties spreading out from their bodies filled with greed, even if they were retreating with the others.

“What is this light?!”

“Haha! There’s definitely a person in this place! He has such a powerful light with him, but he chose to hide, so it’s certain that he’s severely wounded and is exercising his breathing to heal himself. This is our chance!
