# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1154

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“This light…” The instant the young man in the Constellation Robe saw the black light, he frowned as if he had remembered something.

“This is the Light of Extreme Darkness! I’ve seen in True Morning Dao World before. At that time, it was controlled by Dynast Dao Kong. Could it be that the person recovering from his injuries here is Dynast Dao Kong?” A glint appeared in the young man’s eyes. It shone with excitement and bloodthirstiness.

“Move into formation!” the old man named Miao roared while licking his lips. The thirty something people in the area immediately moved and surrounded the area from which the Light of Extreme Darkness spread out. They formed seals with their hands, and at a deep shout from the old man named Miao, they lifted their palms. Using all their power, they pushed down against the ground.

The land trembled, and the planet rumbled. It already had plenty of cracks, and after the attack, it looked like it could no longer withstand the pressure. It crumbled and shattered As layer upon layer of the planet tumbled backwards, what was revealed in the galaxy before the people’s eyes was a gigantic stone of about one hundred thousand feet big.

That stone encapsulated the pit in which Su Ming was sitting!

The thirteen planets which had descended flew up and surrounded the area to form a Rune, preventing the whirlwinds from surging inside. As for those which had come out, these cultivators had no need to fear their power for the time being.

The moment the planet shattered and the stone was revealed, the bald crane let out a shrill screech. The Light of Extreme Darkness spread out swiftly, and the thirty something people immediately cried out again. When they retreated, two more people turned into blocks of ice and fell onto the planet.

‘Damn it! If it wasn’t because I, Grandpa Crane, need to split my divine sense to maintain Su Ming’s world of reincarnation, I would have killed all of you bastards a long time ago! But I can’t do it because I can’t move too much of the Light of Extreme Darkness!

‘If Su Ming woke up, then it’d be even easier to kill these people… Damn it, why are there so many of them, and six of them are even Almighties! Th-th-this… This is just bullying!’

The bald crane felt slightly anxious. It would have been easy if the enemy wasn’t numerous, but with so many people… The bald crane did not fear them, but it knew that Su Ming’s Mortal Refinement Art was at a critical stage. If he was disturbed, an irreversible change might occur. Besides, once he failed, he would no longer be able to use this refinement Art to subjugate the supreme treasure.

“This is indeed the Light of Extreme Darkness! If we absorbed it, our offensive abilities would increase by a large margin!”

The greed in the eyes of the old man named Miao grew stronger. Without any hesitation, he raised his right hand and swung it forward. Immediately, the galaxy shuddered and distorted. In the area surrounded by the thirteen shooting stars, dozens of huge eyeballs appeared!

They were filled with blood capillaries, and some of them were even damaged. However, all their pupils shone with a brilliant light at that instant. When it gathered and was about to shine on the stone serving as Su Ming’s isolation grounds, it was surrounded by the Light of Extreme Darkness.

The eyeballs were the Eyes of the Sacred Temple!

When they appeared, the old man named Miao formed a seal with his hands and pushed his palms against his chest before coughing up a mouthful of blood. It immediately turned into blood-red marks which stuck to each eyeball.

“Make the offering!” he roared.

Immediately, around forty of the hundreds of people pinned to the walls of the thirteen shooting stars started trembling violently. Some of them had belonged to the Sacred Temple and had been the ones in control of the eyeballs.

As they shuddered and coughed up blood, it raced through the shootings stars and charged towards the eyeballs. Once it fused with them, the eyeballs shone with a blood-red light. When they cast their gazes on the Light of Extreme Darkness, they seemed to be able to penetrate the light, making it semi-transparent and allowing the people in the area to see Su Ming sitting cross-legged and meditating in the Light of Extreme Darkness. A huge ring was spinning slowly above him. In fact, even the bald crane’s figure, which was originally hidden in the light, was revealed for a short time.

Moments later, a dozen of eyeballs exploded with a bang. Clearly, they were only able to see through the Light of Extreme Darkness with much effort on their part and after sacrificing some of their number. The dozens of cultivators from the Sacred Temple also collapsed.

This had happened because Su Ming had yet to awaken; otherwise, with his status as the origin of the Light of Extreme Darkness, even if there were ten times the number of eyeballs, they would still be unable to see through his light. The bald crane, however, was only an entity with only its soul left, and it had also lost many of its memories. It only had its instincts left, and it was not strong enough to use the Light of Extreme Darkness to fight against Almighties.

“That is…”

“That is definitely some kind of supreme treasure! I can vaguely sense the mighty pressure coming from it! This is a supreme treasure that can bring forth the Light of Extreme Darkness!”

“He’s not Dao Kong. That person’s figure doesn’t belong to Dao Kong. Then the appearance of the Light of Extreme Darkness is definitely due to that supreme treasure. I understand now, he’s using the supreme treasure to cure his wounds. By the looks of it, he should be gravely wounded!”

All of the Almighties, including the young man in the Constellation Robe, looked at each other, and they could see the greed in each other’s eyes.

“Heh heh, I didn’t expect that there would be a soul entity in the Light of Extreme Darkness as well. I’ll take care of it, but I’ll need some help. Fellow Daoist Han, you used a treasure to destroy my entire army of cultivators in the past. Don’t tell me that you didn’t bring it with you this time.”

An old man dressed in black robes and who possessed the power of an Almighty laughed hoarsely. His physical body started withering rapidly, and in the blink of an eye, he became emaciated, reduced to only a layer of skin. In fact, even his bones seemed to have melted, making his body squeeze together. A wisp of black smoke flew out from the top of his skull.

The black smoke moved through space while changing into a three-headed malicious spirit. It roared toward the heavens, and the ripples of power which belonged to Almighties spread out from it. This was no longer a Nascent Divinity, but a magical entity that had fused with a Nascent Divinity after refinement!

The three-headed malicious spirit roared and charged towards the Light of Extreme Darkness. At the same time, a cold sneer appeared on the face of a middle-aged man dressed in purple robes. He did not speak, but instead raised his right hand and flung something into space before he sat down and began meditating. Clearly, the item he had thrown just then required him to immerse his entire mind in it to control it.

Booming sounds rose into the air, and the galaxy trembled. A gigantic, green log appeared before everyone. There was an old face on its surface.

However, most if it was damaged, and it looked rather indistinct. At the instant it appeared and the purple-robed man sat down, the eyes of the giant log flew open. At the same time, a freezing glare shone in them. The log let out a loud bang and charged toward the Light of Extreme Darkness.

The three-headed malicious spirit laughed ferociously and rushed forth as well.

‘Damn it, that’s an Enchanted Treasure that is only brought out during large-scale wars, a treasure that can only be activated by tens of thousands of people, and he could activate it on his own?! This… Darn it all, so all the souls of a sect fused into this log when the sect was destroyed? Because of it, they might have a chance to Possess others and be resurrected once the disaster is over!

‘It’s a pity that this item was given to someone unworthy. Or it is a treasure he snatched away once he killed the original owner?!’

The bald crane used its full power to operate the Light of Extreme Darkness. With a loud whoosh, it shone brightly. Immediately, it crashed into the giant log, and booming sounds reverberated in space. The log shuddered and shattered layer by layer, but it still pushed through t, drawing incredibly close to Su Ming.

Immediately after, the three-headed malicious spirit hidden behind the giant log roared towards the heavens and lifted its arms to seize the Light the Extreme Darkness. The bald crane instantly sensed great danger. It felt its soul being absorbed by a great force, about to be yanked out of the Light of Extreme Darkness.

As the bald crane screamed, its wings suddenly flashed, and its body changed into that of a seven-colored peacock. Screeching, it fought the suction force.

At that moment though, the old man named Miao who had summoned the Eyes of the Sacred Temple let out a cold harrumph and lifted his right hand to push against the Light of Extreme Darkness. The galaxy rumbled, and his palm turned into a huge seal that immediately suppressed the light.

The young man in the Constellation Robe formed a seal with his hands, and the Freezing Blade performed a horizontal slice to cut the Light of Extreme Darkness. Four Almighties were attacking together. All of them were by no means weak, since they could survive the disaster and even live luxuriously.

When they attacked simultaneously, there was no way the bald crane could stand up against them. It could not turn the tables and get out of the disadvantageous situation as its soul was being continuously sucked out.

“Fellow Daoist Chen, Fellow Daoist Si Ma, please attack together. Once we obtain this supreme treasure, we can try to gain an epiphany from it based on our own fortune.

“We’ll see who among us is destined to have this treasure, and the others won’t be allowed to fight against the one who obtains it, or we will all work together to kill that person! However, the person who obtains this treasure must provide some benefits to the others.”

A glint shone in the eyes of the old man named Miao. His languid speech was a telling sign that he already treated the supreme treasure as theirs.

A man and a woman who seemed to be a wedded couple and who were by his side cast each other a glance. The man’s eyes shone, and he smiled.

“My fellow Daoists, none of you have used your full strength, but you still ask me to attack. Clearly, you’re worried that I will ambush all of you and snatch that treasure. Oh well, it wasn’t easy for us to run into each other, and there are still plenty of things for us to do in the future. I will help you.”

As he spoke, he raised his right hand and pointed forward. Immediately, the power of the laws of fate appeared. Soon after, the woman by his side smiled faintly and pressed her left hand on his. White light instantly appeared between their palms, and it turned into a long, white blade. Instantly, the galaxy seemed on the verge of shattering.

With one swing, the light from the sword turned into white streak that charged towards the Light of Extreme Darkness. For the bald crane, having six Almighties attack it was a challenge it had never faced before, as far as it could remember. At that moment, as it was being extracted, it threw its head back and let out a fierce screech. Still in the shape of a peacock, it opened its tail!

Its was not in seven colors, but entirely black. At the instant the tail was spread, the Light of Extreme Darkness swept outwards as if it was water that had begun boiling!
