# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1156

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

‘Run!’

They had to run. Su Ming’s strength as well as the casualness and easy with which he killed the person shook the hearts of all the people. At that moment, when the four of them fled, their faces were pale. They brought forth all of their power.

The young man in the Constellation Robe turned into a star and charged towards one of the thirteen shooting stars around them.

The old man named Miao dashed away as well. Distortions swiftly appeared in the space around him, and as they flashed, his speed increased.

The pupils of the wedded couple shrank, and they turned into two sword beams that left into the distance with a loud whistle.

The twenty something cultivators in the area could not compare with the monstrous Almighties neither in terms of their speed nor reaction. Even though they were also retreating, they were much slower.

“You interrupted my meditation and scared my companion. How can I just let you leave like this?” Su Ming asked flatly.

He raised his foot and took a step forward. In an instant, his body sliced through space and appeared right behind the old man named Miao. He struck him gently with his right hand.

The expression of the old man named Miao changed drastically. He knew that it would be difficult for him to escape from this disaster, and madness appeared in his eyes. It was the one that made it clear that he was about to risk his life by fighting with everything he had. The old man named Miao naturally had his killing moves, since had been able to survive through the disaster and even live so luxuriously and freely.

The instant he turned around and looked at Su Ming while prepared to fight with everything he had, the old man named Miao growled and raised his arms to push up space. Then, he brought his arms down in Su Ming’s direction.

“Life and Death!”

An iron book appeared in the old man named Miao’s left hand. At the same time, a black wooden brush manifested in his right hand.

Su Ming had seen that set of Enchanted Treasure before. At the instant the old man brought it out, he roared again.

“Your life will be erased from the Book of Life and Death!”

He swung the wooden brush in his right hand and drew a line across the iron book serving as the Book of Life and Death. Immediately, a vast power spread out from the iron book. It turned into a huge, ferocious head of a ghost that opened its mouth to eat Su Ming.

“Interesting. Your level of cultivation is passable, and your divine abilities are not too bad. Give me your soul and acknowledge me as your master, then I will spare you,” Su Ming said flatly.

The ghost head closed in on him, but he stayed still. The white ring floating behind him let out a buzz, and a ripple spread out from it. With a shudder, it touched the ghost head, and it immediately let out a shrill scream of pain. At the instant it crumbled and shattered, the iron book and wooden brush were also destroyed.

As for the old man named Miao, he coughed up a large mouthful of blood, and shock appeared on his face. Disbelief could be seen in his expression. Just as he was about to retreat, Su Ming took a light step forward. He casually lifted his right hand and squeezed the neck of the old man named Miao, then dug his fingernails into his skin. His expression was relaxed, but there was a blatant killing intent that made the old man shiver even though it was not cold.

“Do you choose to die or to live?” Su Ming asked flatly.

The old man named Miao laughed brokenly. He had intended to self-destruct, but once he met Su Ming’s gaze, he could only shiver in place. He had a strong feeling that even if he self-destructed, he would not be able to injure the man in the slightest. The sense that spoke of the great disparity between their strengths made him certain that he would be unable to deal any sort of damage to Su Ming.

He closed his eyes. His soul fused into the center of his brows and turned into a Brand. Flashing once, it floated out. Su Ming sucked in a breath and swallowed it. Like this, he gained control of the life and death of the old man named Miao.

When he relaxed his right hand, the thirteen shooting stars in the area roared at once. Before the young man in the Constellation Robe could step into one, all thirteen moved simultaneously and charged towards the wedded couple. It surrounded them and formed a huge meteor that charged into the whirlwind. The two fled on their own, completely ignoring the young man in the Constellation Robe.

His eyes immediately turned bloodshot. At the instant he threw his head back and roared, Su Ming moved towards him languidly.

The instant Su Ming got close, the young man in the Constellation raised his hands and quickly formed a seal. Madness appeared in his eyes, and he flung his arms outwards. Immediately, the twenty something cultivators in the area who were fleeing shuddered. They let out shrill screams of pain, and their bodies withered, turning to ashes. However, the blood did not scatter. It gathered together to form a sea of blood that charged towards Su Ming.

At the same time, the young man in the Constellation Robe roared, and his body collapsed with a bang. His blood swept up his Nascent Divinity and rushed to attack as well. If anyone cast their gaze in that direction, they would find that the area around Su Ming contained a sea of blood. A bloody stench surged into the heavens, and crazed, shocking killing intent filled the area.

“You have quite good skills, so you have also showed your value. Acknowledge me as your master, and you will be able to live.”

Su Ming did not dodge. He stared at the young man in the sea of blood with a cold gaze. The young man’s Nascent Divinity jolted. He fell into silence for several breaths before the sea of blood immediately merged together and turned into a body of blood. The young man’s Nascent Divinity fused into it, and he cast Su Ming a complicated gaze. He did not intend to fight him. Based on his judgment, even if he fought with everything he had, he would still not be Su Ming’s opponent.

He had spared no pains, even self-destructing his body and killing the twenty something people in the area to show off his strongest divine ability, and he did so not to fight against Su Ming… but to survive.

He gritted his teeth and struck the center of his brows with his right hand. Immediately, his soul turned into a Brand. It rose up and flashed a few times before charging towards Su Ming. He caught it, and with a squeeze had it fuse into his palm.

The young man in the Constellation Robe wrapped his fist in his palm and said darkly, “Master, while our levels of cultivation are quite high, Chen Wen and Si Ma Yu are more important. The both of them are skilled in the Art of Runes. They were the main overseers of all the Runes in the Immortals’ Union. The thirteen shooting stars were created by them while we were the ones who prepared the materials,”

“That’s right. In fact, the two of them were the ones who discovered some of the weaker areas in the whirlwind. If we let the two of them escape, they will definitely bring us endless troubles in the future…”

A glint shone in the eyes of the old man named Miao, and he glared at the wedded couple who had already run into the whirlwind.

Su Ming did not speak. He lifted his right hand and pointed at the white ring behind him. Immediately, it let out a buzz and moved, but it did not rush forward. Instead, it swiftly expanded, growing to ten thousand feet, one hundred thousand feet, and even larger. With a bang, the ring grew to a size where its edge could no longer be seen. It still continued spreading outwards though, and wherever it went, even the whirlwind disintegrated with a shudder.

This scene stunned the old man named Miao and the young man in the Constellation Robe. Their pupils shrank, and great shock as well as fear took over their hearts.

In just the span of a few breaths, the galaxy rumbled, and a white thread charged towards them from the distance. When it approached them, the old man named Miao and the young man in the Constellation Robe saw with their own eyes that the white thread was the shrunk white ring.

Within it was a gigantic meteor, and it was… the one that the wedded couple had formed and used to flee just then. No matter how the meteor struggled, it could not rush out of the ring. It could only be dragged back continuously as the ring shrank.

Just a few breaths of time passed. Su Ming did not do anything, simply standing in his original spot when the meteor appeared in front of him. It had already stopped fighting back, abandoning the pointless struggle. The meteor disassembled itself, and the wedded couple appeared inside it. Their faces were pale, and when they looked towards Su Ming, their gazes were filled with fear.

Su Ming cast a glance at the both of them, and his voice was flat when he spoke.

“One, two…”

Those were meaningless words, but the numbers caused the wedded couple’s expression to change drastically. They cast each other a glance before gritting their teeth and raising their hands to strike the center of their brows. Immediately, their souls gathered together to form a Brand, and they flew out of their foreheads to charge towards Su Ming.

Clearly, they had already seen the old man named Miao and the young man in the Constellation Robe being spared after they delivered their souls.

Su Ming raised his right hand and swung it, taking away the Brand of the wedded couple’s souls. His expression remained calm when he lifted his head to cast a glance at the area above him.

“My fellow Daoist, how long are you going to keep watching? Do you truly want me to bring you down?”

When he said that, the four people immediately felt their hearts tremble and lifted their heads to look above. They had not noticed anything strange with the galaxy up there.

But as Su Ming’s words reverberated in space, a dry cough came from above. Soon after, distortions appeared before their eyes. A white-haired old man with an awkward expression on his face showed up. There was a guarded look in his eyes, hiding the fear brought by the shock of all Su Ming had done after waking up.

“Old Monster Wen!” The old man named Miao was the first to recognize the person’s identity. His words were practically hissed through his teeth.

Chen Wen, too, glared at the old man with white hair and spoke up. “Master, this is the person who sold us the information of a cultivator recuperating in this place. He is the reason why we offended you just now.”

“It’s a misunderstanding. This is a misunderstanding. Fellow Daoist, please listen to me. In truth, this is…” The expression of the old man with white hair known as Old Monster Wen immediately change. He spoke quickly, but the next moment, his eyes shone, and before Su Ming could attack, he took action first.

He swung his arm, and a vast, mighty pressure flew out from his sleeve. At the same time, a dark light shone. It did not go forth to attack Su Ming, but instead, swept up the old man to flee into the distance.

Clearly, he was shocked by Su Ming’s strength and was forced to change his plans. He did not dare to negotiate and only wanted to leave the place as quickly as possible.
