# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1159

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

‘I wonder how strong is my clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole after he devoured the complete Ancient God!’

A glint appeared in Su Ming’s eyes. After the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn, Miao Feng and the other three felt their skin crawl, because they saw that the large Ancient God only had a head left!

His flesh and blood had withered, his bones had melted, and his body… was no longer a body!

“Transmigration of the Soul!”

Dark light shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He raised his left hand and pushed it at the top of the Ancient God’s skull. With a sharp inhale, the Ancient God opened his mouth and let out a roar that shook the galaxy. As he roared, his head melted, and after a moment, the large Ancient God which had previously existed in the whirlwind was gone.

Only Su Ming remained sitting in space as he quietly circulated his cultivation base to digest the Ancient God’s soul and nourish his clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole.

Almost at the instant the Ancient God was destroyed, Old Monster Wen let out a shrill scream of pain while still in the white ripple. His body started shuddering before it was destroyed along with his soul. He was reduced to ashes before he vanished.

Time trickled by. When half a month passed, Su Ming opened his eyes. The brilliant light in them was as fierce as a sharp blade, but after he blinked, the burning gaze vanished and became calm.

‘Hell, Netherworld, and Transmigration of the Soul—these are the three Forbidden Arts of Sacred Defier Expanse Cosmos. Heh heh, since it’s a Forbidden Art, why did they create it? From Zhang Ji Dao’s memories, it’s clear that the three great Forbidden Arts are used to target the Ancient Gods specifically.

Some people used to hunt down the Ancient Gods to strengthen their own physical bodies, since the three Forbidden Arts can turn an Ancient God’s flesh, bone, and soul into pure physical power.

‘They weren’t Forbidden Arts originally, but after Saint Defier appeared among the Ancient Gods, it was named such. All those who cast this Art against the Ancient Gods in Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos will suffer the fate of having all their blood relatives destroyed!

‘But it’s rather difficult to cast this Art. It requires the Ancient God to be unable to struggle, and his divine thought must be unable to control his own body, or else it would be difficult to cast the Art successfully. The caster might even suffer backlash.

‘Fortunately, I had the ring to suppress the Ancient God’s will, which is why everything went so smoothly. This is also related to him being heavily wounded, or else I’d have been forced to do something else to cast this Forbidden Art.’

Su Ming slowly stood up and touched the ring which had long since returned to his finger. He then took a step towards the white ripple floating in the galaxy.

“Master, congratulations on successfully fusing with the giant’s physical power!”

Miao Feng and the other three had been in a constant state of anxiety during the half a month. They had witnessed Su Ming devouring the Ancient God, and they could not calm their minds. This overturned all that they knew since they were well aware of the giant’s strength.

In fact, while they could accept that Su Ming could absorb the Ancient God, a forceful devouring at such a fast pace and in such a terrifying and ferocious manner brought immense terror to them once they witnessed it with their own eyes.

When they saw Su Ming return, the four of them bowed respectfully to him without any hesitation.

Su Ming cast a glance at the spot where Old Monster Wen had disappeared, and a hint of derision flashed in his eyes.

His suspicion towards Old Monster Wen had arisen when he asked him about how he moved in the whirlwind, and his suspicions had been verified. The old man named Wen had clearly had his life controlled by the Ancient God, or perhaps he had obtained some benefits for it. This would explain was why he had started searching for people to bring over to the ‘corpse’ in the name of obtaining the Ancient God’s physical power when it truth he was sending people to the Ancient God to be absorbed.

Su Ming stood in the white ripple and stared at the spot where the Ancient God’s body had been. The whirlwind in the land was incredibly strong, and as it howled, it swept through the area. There seemed to be a vortex at the depths of the whirlwind. It spun slowly, and occasionally, a bit of the whirlwind would seep into it.

As Su Ming stared at the place, his eyes focused.

“Who among you knows what this place originally was?” he asked calmly.

Dao Zhong fell into a moment of pensive silence before he wrapped his fist in his palm and answered. “Master, this is… If I remember correctly, this was once one of the Relocation spots in Morning Dao Sect.”

Su Ming did not speak. He cast his gaze on the Relocation spot in the whirlwind, then raised his right hand and swung it. Immediately, the white ripple around them spread out. In an instant, it covered tens of thousands of feet. Then, with another bang, it continued expanding. Only when it spread over an area of three hundred thousand something feet did it stop.

As the white ripple spread out, the whirlwind in the land fell backwards. Even the power of the World in it was pushed back, clearing the area of three hundred thousand feet.

Immediately after, Su Ming swung his arm. The thirteen gigantic shooting stars he had taken previously flew out and surrounded the area. They rotated in the slowly.

Su Ming charged towards the broken Relocation Rune in the distance. When he arrived there, he sat down cross-legged and lowered his head. After scrutinizing the Rune, he closed his eyes and fell into a moment of deep thought.

“Once the disaster fell, Immortals’ Union and Morning Dao Sect ceased to exist. Right now, I will create my own sect, and the name of this sect… will be the Ninth Summit.

“The four of you can each obtain a protective ripple from me. This ripple will not only allow you to move in the whirlwind, but it can also defend you. Search for other cultivators in this True World and invite them into the sect. Those who submit will be offered protection, and as for those who don’t… record the places where they were found. I will visit them one by one on my own.

“There is one more thing. The four of you, record the portraits in this jade slip. If you find any one of these three people, immediately send me word with a jade slip. I will immediately rush to the place.”

Su Ming raised his head, and when he lifted his right hand, four jade slips appeared on his palm. He focused his mind and left a Brand on them before he threw them to the four people.

Miao Feng and the other three received one each. When they trained their attention on the jade slips, they immediately took note of the portraits of the three men.

Each person had their own unique characteristics. The first one was a headless person with a heinous murderous aura. All those who saw his portrait were able to sense a killing intent that came crashing into their faces.

The second was a gentle man who had a smile like flowers. It gave off a feeling of a spring wind, making those who saw him unable to forget him.

The third was a big man who looked like a boorish person. His big and sturdy body as well as his honest but foolish expression made him into someone people would pay some attention to once they met him.

The four people bowed to Su Ming. When he swung his arm, white ripples immediately appeared under the four people’s feet. They moved back and instantly turned into four long arcs that rushed into three different directions.

After they left, the place became quiet. Su Ming stared at the Relocation Rune and shook his head in silence.

‘This Rune is completely sealed off and badly damaged. The difficulty in activating it and entering Morning Dao Sect is far too great. But if Hu Zi was here, he might have a way.’ Su Ming raised his head and stared at the galaxy before he quietly closed his eyes.

Building the Ninth Summit and becoming the master of True Morning Dao World were the things Su Ming had to accomplish before Saint Defier and Dark Dawn came. Only by doing so could he gather up enough power to have a slim chance of surviving and possibly even gaining a serendipity in the True World ending disaster which would be several times more violent than the whirlwind.

‘Based on Zhang Ji Dao’s memories, Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos paid attention to Arid Triad only because… Arid Triad is an Expanse Cosmos. It is a place that can give birth to a Saint who can claim the title of Arid God, and this person would be of equal status to the three Saint Defiers and the three Sovereigns of Dawn. There is even a possibility that this person could surpass them!

‘Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos has their Lord Saint Defiers, Dark Dawn Expanse Cosmos has their Sovereigns of Dawn, and Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos will have an Arid God!

‘An Expanse Cosmos has three Deities. Only by becoming the Arid God, especially the first one, would I be able to look down upon the three Expanse Cosmoses with confidence!’
