# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1162

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

‘Damn you, Zhou Tian Feng, this time, I will make you die without having a body to be buried!’

Killing intent shone in Dao Zhong’s eyes, but when he looked at Su Ming’s black clone beside him, his expression immediately turned into one of respect. He bowed deeply, then he turned into a long arc and charged forward, disappearing into the whirlwind.

‘This thing is rather interesting. It’s an insect egg, but there is a hint of the power of a World contained in it. It seems… like it isn’t something that belongs to this True World.’

Su Ming stared at the small white ball in his hand, then sent his divine sense into it to observe it carefully. Once they fused, the small white ball started shuddering in Su Ming’s hand as if it was struggling to free itself, but Su Ming’s hand was like a seal that completely sealed up its movements.

There were two long arcs charging through True Morning Dao World. Before them, there was a shattered continent in the whirlwind. It was not large and had already been broken up. Even the center of the continent was divided by the whirlwind.

Miao Feng pointed at the continent in the whirlwind before he spoke respectfully to Su Ming’s clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole. “Master, it’s this place! This is the spot where the small army formed by those who once belonged to Morning Dao Sect live. They have three Almighties in there…”

The clone had a calm expression on his face when he cast a glance at the continent in the whirlwind. He walked out of the white ripple and forced his way through the whirlwind by turning into a long arc that stirred up shocking booms. Miao Feng followed behind him. He stared at the clone forcing his way through the whirlwind and became even more wary of Su Ming.

The clone did not intend to hide his movements. The booming sounds he stirred up reverberated in the air and reached the continent. In just the span of a few breaths, a long arc flew out from inside it.

“Heh heh, trespassers are not allowed here. This is the territory of Morning Dao Sect. Those who trespass will be killed!”

The person who spoke was a middle-aged man with an aquiline nose. He was dressed in a golden robe, and there was a hint of arrogance on his face. His words traveled in all directions, echoing in space.

The power belonging to those in Mastery Realm spread out from his body. His presence was slightly muddled, making it clear that he had just recently reached Mastery Realm, but his arrogance was much greater than that of most Almighties in Mastery Realm.

There was an air of superiority about him, but he was not someone who had fought in battles before. He might have seemed arrogant, but his heart was filled with caution.

What answered him was a punch from Su Ming’s clone as he descended from the long arc!

The punch was thrown when the two of them were hundreds of thousands of feet away, but it was such a monstrous attack that the galaxy shook, the universe rumbled, the earth trembled, and the whirlwind froze for a moment.

It immediately turned into an illusory shadow in the sky. That shadow was one thousand feet large. When it closed in with loud bangs on the middle-aged man, it expanded until it was ten thousand feet large.

The middle-aged man’s expression changed, and he quickly retreated without any hesitation. When he raised his arms, incantations tumbled out of his mouth. He also formed several seals before he tapped a few spots in front of him. Rays of light from treasures shone on his body.

In the blink of an eye, they turned into a shield that was several dozens of feet large in front of him. It had a picture of two pythons on it. At that moment, the two pythons came to life and flew out to surround the middle-aged man. They formed a whirlwind that crashed against the incoming punch.

Booming sounds shook the entire galaxy. The two pythons did not even manage to scream in pain before their bodies were reduced to ashes. The shield too instantly disappeared, allowing the punch to land on the middle-aged man’s body.

The man’s face turned stark pale. Fearful disbelief appeared on his face, but no matter what, he was an Almighty. He might not have been able to escape in time, but he bit his tongue with a snap of his jaw, and with that intense pain, he stimulated his Nascent Divinity. It fell back swiftly and rushed out of his body the instant its physical body collided with the illusory shadow of the fist.

Boom!

If anyone looked from above, they would find that the middle-aged man’s body was reduced to a bloody shower. As rumbling sounds echoed in the galaxy, the fist landed on the continent. A loud bang shook the sky and earth, and the ground trembled violently.

Wind swept outwards madly like the waves in an ocean, shocking and astonishing the ten thousand something cultivators on the continent. Most of them flew up before raising their heads to look the sky with fear and panic on their faces.

Su Ming’s clone revealed himself in the sky. With a swing of his arm, he said flatly, “The Ninth Summit has descended. Those who submit will enter the sect, and you will offer up your souls to do so. Those who do not… will have no need to continue living in degradation.”

Once the dust settled, a huge pit was revealed on the continent. That hole… went through the entire continent. Those above it could see the galaxy on the other side. The whirlwind shot through the hole and turned into a vortex that penetrated the continent to connect both sides of the galaxy.

Thin cracks spread out from the edges of the hole to the entire continent with loud cracking sounds. The shock of it was enough to astonish all the cultivators in the area.

Two long arcs flew out from the continent and stood in the air to stare at Su Ming’s clone with grim expressions on their faces. They were also staring at Miao Feng, who had only just arrived behind Su Ming.

The two cultivators were old men. At that moment, one of them said in a dark tone, “Sir, what is the meaning of this? Are you taking advantage of us for having lost our connection with Morning Dao Sect and intend to forcefully plunder out souls?! Aren’t you afraid of Morning Dao Sect’s rage once the whirlwind disappears?!”

“Morning Dao Sect has already been reduced to ruins. The Immortals’ Union is gone. Plenty of cultivators have died in the entire True Morning Dao World. All of you are trees without roots. Even if you can last for many years until the whirlwind disappears, you will not find the peace of the past welcoming you. Instead, you will be faced with a disaster that will be much more violent than this whirlwind.

“Enter the Ninth Summit and become the masters of True Morning Dao World. This is your only choice,” Su Ming’s clone stated flatly.

“Nonsense. Morning Dao Sect is powerful enough that it will not be destroyed by this whirlwind. On what basis do you dare to say—”

“On the basis that I can move through the whirlwind and on the basis that I can bring all of you through it as well,” Su Ming said calmly.

“Do you agree or disagree?” A brilliant light shone in his eyes when he said his final sentence.

A chilling killing intent shone in the eyes of the old man who had spoken, but at that moment, Su Ming’s clone smiled coldly. He raised his right hand and seized the air in the direction of the hole he had just punched. Immediately, the vortex formed by the whirlwind jolted as if it was being sucked by a great force.

As everyone stared in shock and horror, it charged towards Su Ming. It surrounded him, and when Su Ming clenched his fist and struck forward, booming sounds shook the universe. The vortex disintegrated and fell backwards, charging towards the whirlwind in the galaxy beyond the continent. Continuous booming sounds reverberated in the air, and a gap that was one hundred thousand feet big appeared in the whirlwind.

This gap was formed by Su Ming throwing a punch with his full power. The whirlwind in the gap disintegrated, and the power of the World in it fell back. This shocked the heart of the old man who had killing intent in his eyes..

“What… What level of cultivation do you have?!”

Right after he said that, the other old man sighed under his breath. Determination appeared on his face, and he wrapped his fist in his palm to bow deeply towards Su Ming.

“I am willing to join the Ninth Summit!”

As he spoke, the mark of his soul immediately shone at the center of his brows. Upon rising, it rushed out and charged towards Su Ming. In an instant, it fused with him, and he relaxed. Su Ming’s strength had given him a great shock, but the more shocking thing was that with his power of Fate Realm, he had been able to tell that the person before him… was just a clone!

…..

Compared to the success experienced by Su Ming’s clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole, his Ecang clone, the one which contained his black, destructive personality and was yet to gather together a corporeal form, found himself faced with a different conclusion due to the different personalities Su Ming gave the two great clones.

“Those who submit live, and those who defy me die,” the Ecang clone stated in a hoarse voice while its face remained indistinct. In his right hand was a bloody head whose face was full of disbelief. It seemed like the man could not believe that he would die even right before his death.

As he spoke, Su Ming’s Ecang clone threw the head forward, and it landed on… a tower made up of more than one thousand heads piled up together.

Behind the tower of heads were thousands of cultivators. At that moment, their faces were pale, and the two men right in front stared at two heads among the thousands of heads while their hearts trembled.

The two heads belonged to Almighties who were equal to them in terms of strength and who were their companions. However, before the indistinct figure with a malicious air spreading from its entire body, the two Almighties did not even last for the span of an incense stick before they were killed.

“Who are you?!” one of the two men roared in a nearly hysterical tone.

The moment his roar traveled into space, Su Ming’s Ecang clone lowered his head swiftly. Blood-red light shone in his eyes, and his body swiftly expanded. An Ecang tree appeared between the sky and earth, and an endless, malicious presence spread out. It was an oppressive air that suffocated others, and it instantly landed in the hearts of the thousands of cultivators on the planet.

“You may call me Mo Su, but you can also call me… Mo!” Su Ming’s Ecang clone said hoarsely.

“Mo…” The man shuddered, then lowered his head in anguish. He wrapped his fist in his palm and bowed to Su Ming’s Ecang clone.

The other Almighty was also forced to lower his head and worship him.

As the two of them submitted, the thousands of cultivators knelt down and worshiped Su Ming without any hesitation.

“We are willing to join the Ninth Summit. Greetings, Sect Master Mo!”

As they bowed, the mark of their souls immediately appeared at the center of all their brows. They gathered together and charged towards Su Ming’s Ecang clone. When they fused into him, his body instantly looked like it had become slightly more corporeal.

At the same time, the power of the law of fate which was visible to Su Ming alone appeared on the thousands of cultivators. Immediately after, as if the power of the laws of fate reacted to Su Ming, a barely discernible law of fate belonging to him appeared around his Ecang clone.
