# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1163

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Su Ming sat in the big empty spot enveloped by the white ripple in True Morning Dao World, right next to the edge of the Relocation Rune while he stared at the small white ball in his palm.

Shrieks came from inside it at that moment. There was madness and ferociousness in the voice, as if it wanted to rush out of Su Ming’s right hand and devour him. However, his hand was like a seal that kept the small white ball imprisoned. No matter how it struggled, it was useless.

‘This is definitely not something of this World.’

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled. The more he investigated the item, the more he sensed the strange qualities within it. There were 99,999 insects in the form of thin threads in the ball. None of them were sentient, but strangely, once they gathered together, a sort of will formed between them.

That will was very faint. Once Su Ming’s divine sense touched it, he immediately sensed a monstrous aggressiveness and madness within it.

The white ball seemed to want to devour the universe, and it madness promised that it would not willingly submit even in the face of the Paragons in the universe.

“This is an egg,” A brilliant light shone in Su Ming’s eyes as he mumbled to himself.

He sensed a hint of life force in the will. It was as faint and weak as the will, but it gave off the feeling that it could grow endlessly.

‘Interesting. It is divided into nearly one hundred thousand parts which have no consciousness. However, when they are together, a faint will can be born. Since this item is not from this World, there is a high possibility that it is from Saint Defier or Dark Dawn…’

After remaining silent for a moment, Su Ming furled his right hand. At the same time, his divine sense became violent and swept past the small white ball, using violence to instantly destroy all forms of consciousness within it.

Cracking sounds immediately came from the small ball. There seemed to be a shrill scream of pain which only divine senses could hear in those sounds. After a moment, a wisp of green smoke spread out from the small ball. When it disappeared without a trace, the ball was no longer white, but had become dreary gray.

The instant Su Ming destroyed the will in the small white ball, in the depths of the endless whirlwind within True Morning Dao World, right under the gap to Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos, a shrill roar rang out.

If anyone could see into the depths of the whirlwind, they would be able to see a gigantic object. It was a locust that was magnified an unknown number of times. The insect was so large that its size was comparable to that of an Ancient God.

The locust was laying eggs, and there were numerous small white balls connected to it with thin threads. The small balls numbered to tens of thousands. They were connected to each other, and all of them were squirming and shrinking. If anyone saw it, their skill would crawl. It was a terrifying sight to behold.

At that moment, the large insect was roaring, and its compound eyes filled with anger and madness. Buzzing sounds came swiftly from its body.

“Who is it?! Who killed my babies?! My, An Fang’s babies?!” As the locust roared, a fierce light lit up in its eyes, and the creature stared into space. After a long while, Su Ming’s figure appeared clearly in its eyes.

“This person… is from Saint Defier’s camp! All those from Saint Defier should die!”

The locust threw its head back and roared. Its cultivation base spread out, and it was so strong that it could make the galaxy tremble. It was a power that surpassed those of Sublime Paragons. Even though the insect had yet to reach Avacaniya Realm, its level of cultivation was already incredibly terrifying.

Just as it was about to rush out, a golden chain flew out from the gap in space behind it. With a crack, it hit its body, making the locust jolt.

“Damn this chain from Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos! If it wasn’t limiting my descent, I would have long since become the master of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos! My fellow Daoists from Dark Dawn, what are you doing?! You asked me to descend so that I can gain the initiative, but if you don’t get rid this Saint Defier Chain, how am I supposed to descend with my full power?!”

The locust threw its head back and roared. Its voice traveled straight into the gap that led to somewhere unknown.

At that moment, golden light swiftly shone on the golden chain. Not only did it not disappear, it charged towards the locust at an even faster speed. Judging by the looks of it, it seemed like it could crush the locust straight away.

“Damn it! Damn it! This is a Saint Defier attacking me!”

Madness appeared on the locust’s face. When it saw the chain approaching it, it roared loudly, and its body swiftly crumbled before the chain to turn into tens of thousands of parts that fused into the eggs behind it. Immediately, the eggs resembling small white balls shuddered together before splitting up to turn into tens of thousands of parts that shot into all directions.

The golden chain swept outwards, and the galaxy roared. The universe was damaged, and nine-tenths of the tens of thousands of small balls crumbled. However, there were hundreds of them that vanished into space and disappeared without a trace.

“Fortunately, I activated the Body Splitting Art once I came here. Damn that Saint Defier camp. Sooner or later, all of you will die!”

A crazed voice traveled through the galaxy. When it reverberated in space, the golden chain lashed out again, stirring up a layer of golden ripples that swept towards the fleeing hundreds of small white balls. However, the instant it lashed out, a sinister, cold snort suddenly came from the gap in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos.

At the same time, a strange arm that looked like an octopus’ tentacle lashed out and collided with the golden chain. Booming sounds rang out.

“The war between us has yet to end. The battle between Dark Dawn and Saint Defier is still ongoing. If you dare get distracted by the matters in this place, you might die in this battle!”

The voice was answered by a woman’s cold snort, but the golden chain disappeared. The two people’s presences seemed to leave the gap within Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos to continue waging war in their own battlefield!

The moment the hundreds of small white balls spread out in the whirlwind, they rushed out in multiple directions to charge towards life forms closest to them.

As long as they could touch a living and breathing creature, they would latch onto them as parasites and use them to nourish their bodies. When they merged together again, they would regain the form of the locust.

Its level of cultivation would be slightly lower than before, but given time and enough killing for offerings, it could return to its top condition in a short period of time.

Not all of the hundreds of small white balls stayed in True Morning Dao World. Quite a large number of them split up and shot through the plane between Worlds to head to the other three Great True Worlds.

“Kill, I need to kill! I need the fear of countless lives when they die. Only by doing so can I recover at the shortest amount of time possible. Only then can I build my own locust army in this shoddy Lower Realm!” the locust roared, and it slowly spread out as the hundreds of small white balls gradually spread out.

After about a day passed, in the galaxy to the north in True Morning Dao World, Chen Wen and Si Ma Yu were looking around themselves with grave expressions. There were thousands of cultivators in red robes around them.

All of the cultivators had numb expressions, which created a grim and chilling atmosphere. Each of them had extraordinary power, but what was even more shocking was their murderous aura as well as the feeling of superiority belonging to those who always won in the battles they participated.

Perhaps by themselves they were not Chen Wen and his wife’s opponents, and not even ten or a hundred of them could hope to match up to them, but there were thousands of them. Their presences seemed to be connected, fusing into a single shockingly strong one. Chen Wen could instantly sense danger.

When the thousands of presences fused together, what the wife and husband felt became even worse.

“My friends, are you cultivators from Morning Dao Sect’s War Chamber? Please ask your commander to come forth so that we may speak to him,” Chen Wen said in a mild tone, abandoning the arrogance usually adopted by Almighties.

However, the area around them was silent. No one answered. The thousands of people had no expression on their faces. They only stared at Chen Wen and his wife coldly.

“Kill them,” a calm voice with matchless chilling air said languidly from the legion of cultivators.

Almost the instant the words were spoken, the thousands of cultivators looked like they had woken up from deep sleep. They moved, and a bizarre presence swiftly came from each cultivator’s body. It did not seem to be formed by a cultivation method, but like a strange divine ability which belonged to the tribes in Divine Essence Star Ocean.

At the instant the presence erupted, the eyes of the thousands of cultivators turned bloodshot. Their cultivation bases increased exponentially at the same time, and they roared in a manner that could shake the sky and earth.

“Kill them!”

Chen Wen and his wife’s expressions immediately changed drastically when the thousands of cultivators took a uniform step forward. Their murderous aura reached a monstrous degree and descended on the couple with loud bangs. At the instant it looked like a battle was about to erupt, Chen Wen activated his cultivation base. Si Ma Yu’s expression changed, and she cried out in a piercing voice.

“The two of us represent the only sect in True Morning Dao World right now, the Ninth Summit! We came here to invite all of you into the sect. My master is a cultivator from the Higher Realm, and his level of cultivation far exceeds what you can imagine. If you insist on attacking us, you will surely be bringing upon yourselves the disaster of your entire race being destroyed!”

The instant Si Ma Yu said those words, the thousands of cultivators in the area revealed their killing intent. They charged forward, but at that moment, the voice which had come from behind the legion of cultivators spoke again.

“Stop!”

This one word immediately made the thousands of cultivators come to an abrupt halt. Their uniform movement caused Chen Wen’s pupils to shrink when he saw it.

Immediately after, the legion of cultivators before Chen Wen and Si Ma Yu took three uniform steps to the side to reveal a gap leading to the space beyond the encirclement. A tall figure slowly walked forward through it.

That figure held a gigantic battle axe in his hand while taking huge strides forward. His body was tall and muscular, and he was filled with an indescribable, murderous aura… but he had no head!

It was a figure that brought others fear when they cast their eyes on it. The man’s cultivation base also exuded a bizarre ripple. He seemed like an Almighty, but at the same time, not. Chen Wen and his wife could not help themselves and cast their gazes on him.

The instant they got a clear look of the person, their expressions changed at once. They cast each other a glance before bringing out the jade slip Su Ming had given them to compare the portrait with the person before them.
