# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1184

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Whoosh!

The sound caused Su Ming’s expression to change. When he formed a seal with his right hand, the power belonging to those in Fate Realm immediately appeared around him, turning into layers of seals that enveloped him. Yet right away, they crumbled layer by layer, and Su Ming shuddered. He opened his mouth, but he could not even cough up a single bit of blood. His aura had obviously become slightly weaker.

The whooshing sound came from the red figures around Su Ming breathing simultaneously. With each breath, quite a large amount of Su Ming’s life force would be sucked out. Even though he did not directly come into contact with the figures and the indirect manner of absorbing his life force meant that only a little bit of his life would be absorbed, there was nearly a hundred of the red figures around. This meant that the amount of life force lost was still terrifying.

If it was not because Su Ming had enough experience and immediately executed the seals formed by the laws of fate at the instant he heard the voices, he might have already had two-tenths of his life force sucked out.

‘Damn it…’

With a dark expression, Su Ming became even faster. At that moment, he no longer bothered about the use of his cultivation base. He gathered up his power and had it erupt in an instant. This was the greatest reflection of his cultivation base’s power.

Su Ming had tested the red figures before. They did not care about any sort of divine abilities attacking them. All Arts seemed to be non-existent to them. In fact, even physical attacks were useless, and it was the same for Enchanted Treasures. Only… Su Ming’s white ring could kill them.

However, Su Ming had already experienced the price for killing them in the past. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he did not want to pay it. Yet as Su Ming charged forward, more and more red figures appeared around him. Their numbers had already increased to the point that they were six-tenths more numerous than before.

In fact, they did not even need to chase him anymore. They only needed to breathe in like before, and they could reduce him into a mummy. He would lose all his life force and die.

Whoosh!

When that sound appeared again, killing intent rose in Su Ming’s eyes. He had always been an unyielding person and a man who killed to a heinous degree, to a point where his murderous aura reached a maddening degree. And at that moment, he was filled with a ruthless aura after being oppressed in this strange world for four years.

The transformation of his blood had also made Su Ming’s mind to often fill up with great killing intent. At that moment, while being chased by the red figures, he decided to just throw his head back and roar before raising his right hand and pointed at the sky. Immediately, the white ring on his index finger absorbed a large amount of his cultivation base, and with a bang, a powerful ripple exploded from it.

It spread outwards, making the red fog disappear layer by layer, as if it was melting. The one hundred something red figures, too, instantly let out piercing screams of pain. All of those who were touched by the expanding ripple immediately had their bodies and forms destroyed while screaming in pain.

In the blink of an eye, all the red figures around Su Ming vanished without a trace.

But Su Ming did not relax. The usage of the white ring had made him spend quite a lot of his cultivation base. With that thought on his mind, he charged into the distance at full speed.

He knew that there was no end to the red figures, and it was impossible to kill all of them. When he had killed one of them in the past, he had brought upon himself a frenzied chase by the red figures. And now he killed a hundred-something of them, so the consequences for it might be even more severe.

There were countless red figures drifting around in the boundless red fog within the strange world. The instant Su Ming charged into the distance, they stopped moving. Swiftly, they turned their heads and simultaneously turned to look in Su Ming’s direction.

With piercing screams, their bodies disappeared. Just like a cultivator shifting, they immediately appeared around Su Ming. They came in the span of a few breaths, and there were more than one thousand of them covering the sky and earth. Their appearance made Su Ming’s skin crawl.

But that was not all. At that moment, the sky roared, and a tall, majestic hall manifested in the sky out of nowhere. When this hall appeared, a vast, mighty pressure descended on the ground. It was the second time Su Ming saw it, and this time, he saw it even clearer. While the hall was grand and majestic, there were quite a few areas of it that were damaged and cracked. It did not seem complete.

At the same moment the hall appeared, countless red figures who looked as if they had red robes on their bodies flew out. There were thousands of them, and their piercing screams reverberated through the air, shaking the fog so much that it began to tumble and shaking the ground so much that it trembled. They rushed together towards Su Ming.

He suppressed the urge to use the power of the white ring again, which had surfaced in his mind. As he charged forward, he used his advantage of having widened the distance between him and the red figures to grit his teeth and charge forward.

There were thousands of the red figures chasing after him. Their piercing screams echoed in the air, causing Su Ming’s heart to trembled. There were red figures continuously appearing from the hall in the sky as well. In fact, many of them had shifted to appear around Su Ming.

In the blink of an eye, another few thousand red figures appeared. They surrounded the area and encircled Su Ming. Before they even approached, the sound of their breathing reached his ears. The whooshing sound shook the sky and earth, deafening the ears. This was an inhale which could instantly suck Su Ming dry. It was powerful enough to instantly take away all his life force.

A ferocious look appeared on Su Ming’s face. He had been waiting for the moment more red figures appeared. When they started breathing, he raised his right hand again. He could no longer care about the loss of his cultivation base at that moment. He sent all of it surging into the white ring, and with a low growl, an even more powerful ripple erupted from the ring.

Humming, it spread outwards with loud rumbles and stirred up an unseen wave of sound. In the mid of the rumbles, all the fog within a circular area of one million feet disintegrated. The near ten thousand red figures surrounding Su Ming were simultaneously destroyed as they screamed in pain.

In fact, the hall in the sky had also shuddered at that moment, but it resisted the power of the ripple. At the instant all the fog within a million feet disappeared, a mountain which had previously been concealed by the fog was revealed in the distance. It was all white.

Su Ming shuddered and coughed up a mouthful of black blood. Without any hesitation, he charged towards the mountain that been hidden in the fog. During the instant it was revealed, Su Ming immediately noticed that there was an empty space in the mountain, reminding him of a cave abode.

Similarly, Su Ming had now become sure that the destruction of hundreds of red figures would attract thousands of red figure, so the destruction of thousands of red figures… would definitely attract tens of thousands of red figures to him.

And his level of cultivation could only allow him to trigger a wide scale explosion with the ripple from the ring one more time. After that, even if the red figures did not chase after him again, Su Ming would lose all his cultivation base and turn into a mortal. Like this, he would also lose the right to hunt.

With a lunge forward, Su Ming rushed through the area of the one million feet that were cleared of the red fog. During that instant, a furious roar came from the hall in the sky. Upon hearing it, countless red figures walked out of thin air. They did not appear in groups of hundreds or thousands, but tens of thousands.

They were packed densely together, and the sight alone was enough to cause a person’s heart to tremble viciously.

But that was not all. As booming sounds reverberated in the air from the hall in the sky, a tall figure walked out of the hall. It was about fifty feet tall, and its body was like that of a mummy. Red light shone in the person’s eyes, and in his hands he held a red bone spear.

He was not alone. Three such creatures appeared in succession.

A terrifying ripple of power erupted from each of their bodies. Yet their presences resembled a state of emptiness, as if they had no souls. In fact, when Su Ming swept his gaze across them, he saw a scene which caused his pupils to shrink. The mummies were not originally fifty feet tall, but there were multiple dried up heads and rotten limbs attached to their bodies. Clearly… they were terrifying existences formed by multiple corpses by using some unknown method.

Their appearance caused Su Ming’s heart to instantly let out a thump.

Tens of thousands of red figures rushed towards him while shrieking, and the three mummies roared in anger. When they stepped forward, ripples appeared under their feet, and they too immediately charged towards Su Ming.

The hall in the sky was still humming, as if more figures would appear soon.

Su Ming was in the face of a perilous situation which might spell his imminent death. Before him was the white mountain, however. It might have been concealed by the fog again, but he was already very close to it.

As the three mummies arrived and the tens of thousands of red figures charged towards him with piercing whistles, Su Ming used his full speed to charge forward. In an instant, he appeared on the mountain, and once he scanned the area with his divine sense, he immediately found the middle section of the mountain housing a cave.

He instantly rushed inside it, and the three mummies in the sky roared in anger at once before lifting their right hands. The bone spears turned into red bolts of lightning. With a momentum to tear apart the sky and earth, they charged towards Su Ming, who was already in the white mountain.

With a bang, Su Ming stepped into the cave. He was immediately pushed forward by the impact formed by the bone spears behind him stabbing at the mountain, but a ray of protective light immediately surrounded him. When it fought back against the impact, Su Ming coughed up blood. He rushed forth a few more steps before turning around. A fierce and murderous expression appeared on his face. He was prepared to fight against the creatures in the cave.

But at that instant, an old voice suddenly shot out from the mountain. It had a domineering tone, and a will that said that the speaker looked upon the universe in scorn and stood above all lives.

“Begone, all of you substandard life forms who have failed in the ascension of your spirits! Get out of the territory of my Heavenly Spirit Tribe! Go back to your Spirit Descension Hall! BEGONE!”

When the voice rang out, the red sky trembled, the tens of thousands of red figures retreated while shrieking, and the three mummies tumbled back like kites.

The voice thundered and stirred up the lightning in the world, causing the red fog in the area to tumble about. Countless bolts of lightning descended from the sky, making the piercing screams from the red figures to grow stronger, and the red light in the eyes of the three mummies faded away. They all quickly retreated.
