# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1192

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“I am the God of Berserkers!” Su Ming lifted his head and stared at the sky. At that moment, his presence erupted with a bang from his body. His cultivation base swam swiftly through him, causing his long hair to float, and the red dragon he could not see let out a soundless roar. It then rushed to the sky as if it was doing so in the same dimension as Su Ming but performing this act an unknown number of years ago.

“Berserker!”

“Berserker!!”

“Berserker!!!”

The ten million illusory figures in the area cried out at that moment. Their voices fused with the dragon’s roar, forming a shocking roar that Su Ming could not hear, but which made the pupils of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe shrink again.

He was moving back as images from two different periods of time appeared before him. One was from a time in the distant past, and one was the present. One had the Berserkers from the past, and the other had Su Ming. The two seemed to have reached a resonance due to the race’s enlightenment in Su Ming’s body, and a sight akin to the deviation of time appeared.

During that moment, Su Ming’s cultivation base was stimulated to the peak. His conviction was extremely firm as he stood on the Spirit Ascension Platform. He might not be able to see the abnormality around him, but he could sense that there seemed to be countless pairs of eyes watching him. Those gazes were filled with expectation, excitement, and a resonance that filled Su Ming with determination.

“The place where I was born still did things according to the laws of the universe. When I was born, the Berserkers had weakened. If the heavens are heartless, then we will all be separated. The earth was heartless, and it made my Dark Mountain die…” Su Ming mumbled.

In this situation and on this occasion, the instant he chose Great Abyss Tribe and announced that he was the God of Berserkers, he remembered… the God of Berserkers’ song.

As he mumbled to himself, shock appeared on the face of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe who was watching in the distance. This was because he noticed that when Su Ming spoke the four sentences, the red dragon’s roars became even more intense. The ten million souls in the area increased in number as well and became tens of millions. There were also several more figures among them which the old man was familiar with.

The world trembled, and the sky distorted while the ground rumbled. Layers of ripples spread out. It was as if… a strange power had been activated at that instant due to Su Ming’s existence.

That power should have been buried in the place. When it was activated, it looked like two worlds were about to fuse together. This might sound complicated, but if anyone described the Great Berserker Tribe during ancient times as one world and the current era which Su Ming resided in as another world… then the current situation would be like the world from ancient times moving through space and waking up from death, wanting to come to this world and fusing with Su Ming’s era.

All of this might seem abstruse, but that was indeed what the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe saw and felt.

‘What a tribe, Great Berserker Tribe! What a man, Great Elder of the Berserkers, a man who succeeded six times in spirit ascension! What a great plot of yours to predict the Berserker Day!’

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe sucked in a deep breath. Admiration appeared on his face. He could already tell that not only did Su Ming possess Great Berserker Tribe’s race’s enlightenment as well as Great Berserker Tribe’s hope, he also had the entire Great Berserker Tribe’s will gathered on him.

His spirit ascension was bound to be extraordinary… because he was not performing the spirit ascension alone. He had already fused with the Berserkers’ kismet and everyone’s will. All the Berserkers were protecting him… and performing the spirit ascension with him!

“If the heavens have eyes, then why do they never see that my world is plunged into eternal darkness? If the deities have souls, then why did they divide the sky and seas to the south and north? I kept my duty to the heavens, so why did they not let me see the darkness of night? I kept my duty to the deities, so why did they tear me into pieces and scatter my memories?” Su Ming mumbled.

The God of Berserkers’ song echoed in the air, making it look like he could see the days of the past, the tens of millions of souls in the area, and the blood-red dragon in the sky. The Berserkers’ will was gathered within it, and as it roared… it looked like it was Su Ming!

The number of souls in the area grew again. This time, they increased to nearly one hundred million. There was no end to them. All the Berserkers who had lived in the land in different periods of time felt as if their souls had returned to their homeland. When they appeared, they roared… to worship the God of Berserkers for whom they had been waiting for a long, long time!

This made the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe retreat again. His breathing quickened. When he moved back, he looked towards Su Ming. In his eyes, he no longer saw a single man… but the soul of the entire Great Berserker Tribe!

And Su Ming was that divine soul of Great Berserker Tribe. His appearance became a source for the tribe to boil over. It was as if the sleeping Berserkers, the Berserkers who had died in this land had woken up again!

“I cry tears of blood when I lift my head, so tell me, why should I cherish this life and not defy the world?! If the heavens don’t have eyes, then I will step on it and watch myself seal the heavens! If the deities don’t have souls, then I swear I will slaughter the deities and become the Emperor!

“The world’s kismet is upon me, and I will surely kill Arid Triad with my own hands! My Berserkers’ Soul has formed, and I will dye the Immortals’ sky red with millions of their lives!

“The Berserker Obliteration is the song of my life, and when it ends, what can hold me back from making the Berserkers rise to power with this will alone?!”

Su Ming threw his head back and roared. With it, the one hundred million Berserkers’ souls around him howled, and the blood dragon in the sky roared. The weather changed. As the world rumbled, the roars of the countless Berserkers and the roar of the blood dragon turned into one single voice.

“God of Berserkers!”

“God of Berserkers!!”

“God of Berserkers!!!”

“I am the God of Berserkers, and today, I will have my spirit ascend!!”

Su Ming swung his arm up. The blood dragon lifted its head, roared, and crashed against the sky. The sky distorted, and when it rumbled, a hall swiftly descended.

This was not the All Spirits Hall, but the first Spirit Descension Hall. As it appeared and the one hundred million Berserkers’ souls roared, the golden light in the sky spread to one hundred thousand feet. Then, the true All Spirits Hall descended with a bang.

The golden hall was broken in parts, but had an ancient will. It was the legacy hall the Ancestral Spirits of Wei worked together to create in the past, and at that moment, it truly descended from the sky.

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe had been forced into the distance by the presence brought by Great Berserker Tribe rising to power. At that moment, he appeared to be slightly excited. In his eyes, Su Ming’s spirit ascension had a much higher rate of success compared to the other people. He hoped Su Ming would succeed, for if even Su Ming, who had Great Berserker Tribe’s soul gathered on him failed, then he did not know just who could successfully have their spirits ascend in this era.

Once the All Spirits Hall descended, the golden figures swiftly rushed out. If the one person at the very top was not included, then the two thousand-something figures were divided into nine horizontal rows that appeared like a tower in the sky. The ancient presence spreading out from the All Spirits Hall turned into a mighty pressure, and a resolute look appeared in Su Ming’s eyes.

There were 881 golden figures at the bottom row. Waves of mighty pressure spread out from their bodies and enveloped the ground while they waited for Su Ming to make his choice.

He stared at them, and the resolve in his eyes grew stronger. He knew that if he made the wrong choice, he would die. He only had one chance.

He stared at the Ancestral Spirits in silence, his gaze sweeping across all of them. Eventually, he looked towards the figure above the other nine rows whose presence was clearly much stronger than that of the Ancestral Spirits in the other positions.

‘The order towards this legacy… is a path of flesh and blood built in exchange for the lives of a great number of powerful warriors from each tribe… It’s a path for their descendants to have an increasingly safer route to spirit ascension passed down to them by their ancestors after numerous tries.

‘But the order…’

Determination shone in Su Ming’s eyes. He jumped into the air from the Spirit Ascension Platform and turned into a long arc that charged towards the eight hundred-something figures at the bottom row.

He could only take a gamble. The only thing Su Ming knew was that he could not try the fifth hundred-something position since he had seen the ancestor of the Berserkers fail there during his spirit ascension. Clearly, if a race wanted to try and lay out this path of blood, they could not choose at will. They should have tried one by one in order. Because of it, Su Ming was certain by fifth-tenths that the previous five hundred-something positions of the Ancestral Spirits would also guarantee failure.

Yet if the Berserkers had started testing the order from the back, Su Ming’s guess would be completely wrong, which was why… it would be the same as him not obtaining any sort of clue at all.

He charged forward in silence, and the instant he approached the last position, a glint shone in his eyes. When he swept his gaze across all the other positions, he gritted his teeth and instantly went towards one of them, but when he was about to close in, his feet suddenly came to a halt.

He did not continue onward, but moved back. When he was several thousands of feet away, he fixed his stare on the positions of the Ancestral Spirits beyond the All Spirits Hall. He had suddenly remembered something.

Su Ming’s act of moving back caused a light crease to appear between the brows of the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe. When he turned his gaze towards him, he saw that Su Ming seemed to be contemplating something.

“Senior, do you happen to know the highest amount of times a person had succeeded in spirit ascension within Great Berserker Tribe?” Su Ming suddenly asked. His voice echoed in all directions.

“Six times!” the old man’s eyes immediately answered as his eyes sparkled.

Su Ming went silent then, but a brilliant light shone in his eyes. There was also a hint of nostalgia within it.

‘Six times… six numbers… Elder told me six numbers in the past to help me climb up Wind Stream Mountain…

’32, 79, 248, 371, 563, 781…’

Su Ming’s heart trembled. He lifted his head and stared at the All Spirits Hall. He cast his gaze at the 781st position at the bottom row. Then, he looked up row by row while comparing the numbers until his gaze fell on the third row from the top.

‘Could it be…’ Su Ming’s eyes focused. He gritted his teeth, and without any hesitation, he charged… to the 781st position on the bottom row.

His speed was a reflection of the determination in his heart. Since he was taking a gamble anyway, he would rather take a bet on the seemingly ordinary set of numbers his elder had given him in the past.

With a bang, he drew close to the 781st position and touched that Ancestral Spirit. At that moment, the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe in the distance might have looked composed, but he was incredibly nervous in his heart.

A shocking roar accompanied by Su Ming’s shout rang out in the sky!
