# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1194

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Berserker’s body shone with golden light that spread through the area of one hundred thousand feet!

Golden bones, golden veins, golden flesh and blood, and a golden body were what formed the first body that reached perfection in Su Ming’s life. It was the body which was the closest to his wish to have the entire universe at his beck and call.

It was a Berserker Body in Death Realm. It was the most powerful body which could use divine abilities with the power of the physical body, and they were strong enough to terrify powerful warriors in Death Realm. It could be said that from that moment onwards, Su Ming had become one of the most powerful warriors in Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos.

And this was just one of Su Ming’s clones midway through the spirit ascension. But Su Ming could already sense the terrifying power contained in that body of his. In fact, he had a strong feeling that if he clenched his fist and threw a punch… the sky would break!

Those in Death Realm were much stronger than those in Fate Realm. Once they moved past the state of having never ending life, the life force in their bodies would gather together until it reached a certain level, and some strange changes would happen then, allowing them to reach an imperishable state. Their bodies could not be destroyed, while they could wipe out other people’s life force, which was why… this Realm were known to be Death Realm!

With an imperishable body, such people could bring the destruction of millions. They gathered together life force and turned it into a will of heaven that stood above all rules and laws. When they opened their eyes, they could make all lives tremble. When they closed their eyes, they could sense the presence of Arid Triad’s will.

This was Death Realm. In the fourth era, this was the strongest Realm on the surface of Arid Triad Expanse Cosmos!

Only those who had moved into Death Realm within the four Great True Worlds could truly be considered to rulers of a region. Only then could they try to determine their own destiny.

Su Ming threw his head back and roared. Golden light surrounded him. The Berserker Body in Death Realm had the power of the clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole and the body reformed when Su Ming Possessed the black-robed man. The mystery of the second Possession had also caused its potential to be nigh endless.

The clone that practiced Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole had originally possessed endless potential once it fused with the Ancient God. Even if Su Ming did not have all the other elements, such as the black-robed man’s body and the mystery of the second Possession added into the mix, there was a very high possibility that he could have obtained the Berserker Body when he went through the spirit ascension.

The black-robed man Su Ming had Possessed in the past had been an existence who was slightly stronger than Sui Chen Zi. He was one of the Eight Paramount Daos in Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos, and he had a noble status. However, to successfully descend in Arid Triad, he had chosen to disperse his cultivation base so that he could reform his body in Arid Triad. If he’d had enough time, he could have regained the terrifying power he possessed in Saint Defier Expanse Cosmos while he was in Arid Triad.

That was why his body also had endless potential.

There was also the matter of the mystery regarding the second Possession. Su Ming might not have investigated it in detail, but based on what he could sense, he could clearly tell the differences.

This was why when all of the things were gathered and fused together along with the power of spirit ascension, the Berserker Body Su Ming formed possessed a potential that surpassed the bodies of all other Berserkers!

Death Realm was definitely not his limit. This was just the beginning!

The spirit ascension had not come to an end. The appearance of the Berserker Body was just a start. As the Berserker Body in Death Realm reached perfection, Su Ming threw his head back and roared again. The golden light around him shrank swiftly to stick to Su Ming’s skin as if it would spread through the golden veins in his body once it fused into him.

Then, the thing that would experience a metamorphosis would be Su Ming’s cultivation base!

The golden light seemed like nutrients that all lives in the universe could absorb. It was an extremely gentle energy in the world that could change a living being’s physical body and their cultivation base.

During the instant the golden light fused with him, Su Ming’s cultivation base became much livelier. It swam through his veins, and when it filled his body, it ceaselessly absorbed the golden light. As it was continuously nourished, Su Ming could clearly sense his cultivation base slowly rising in power.

This increase was incredibly gentle. It did not seem like it was making him become superficially stronger, like the act of a farmer pulling shoots to accelerate the growth of his plants. Instead, this increase came to him in a form akin to an inheritance, causing countless epiphanies to appear in Su Ming’s mind as his cultivation base increased in power.

Su Ming did not gain these epiphanies by himself. Instead, they came from the Ancestral Spirit with which he had fused. As the epiphanies entered his mind, Su Ming stopped breathing. No storms raged in his head. Instead, he sank into a relatively calm and relaxed state of mind.

As he experienced those epiphanies, Su Ming seemed to hear someone murmuring. The voice belonged to a man, and it sounded like it came from an unknown period of time along with the golden light. It fused into Su Ming’s cultivation base.

His head slowly became clouded. Gradually, his mind scattered, and his thoughts turned into a picture with a crimson sky. Fire burned in it. Meteors charged to the ground in long arcs, and every single time one of them landed, the ground would tremble violently.

Earth shattered. Roars shook the sky and earth. Strange beasts several tens of thousands of feet big crawled out of the meteors, and they started ravaging the land with loud roars.

There was an indistinct figure on each of the ferocious beasts’ heads. These figures were staring at the lives on the ground aloofly, and there was a merciless look in their eyes.

Further into the distance, mountains shattered to reveal a village they had surrounded. There was a little girl at that moment in the village. She was crouching down and weeping softly. All around her were corpses. Every single time the ground trembled, the little girl would shudder even more. She hugged her head and did not dare to move.

“Mother… Father…”

The little girl’s voice sounded frail and powerless in the rumbling world. There were no longer any living beings around her. The sky burned as the meteors fell one after another. The huge ferocious beasts that walked out of them were not far from the little girl.

The ground rumbled, and a ferocious beast came out while roaring. Wherever it went, the mountains would crumble. Shattered stones shot out and scattered in every direction.

At that moment, a long blue arc suddenly appeared in the sky. With an extreme speed that made it look as if it was about to slice apart the air, it charged to the ground. Before it descended, the long blue arc flashed once, and immediately, a blue ripple swept through the area. Wherever it went, the ferocious beasts would let out shrill screams of pain, and their forms as well as their souls would be destroyed.

At the same time, the blue arc turned around and went to the little girl. In an instant, the man went over the little girl’s head and closed in on the incoming, roaring beast behind her. With one sweep of his sleeves, the ferocious beast trembled. As it coughed up blood, its head flew higher into the air. Its huge body plunged to the ground with a bang, sending dust and dirt up. This alarmed the little girl so much that she seemed to have forgotten to cry. As she trembled, she stared at a young man in blue robes walking out from the dust fog.

The young man carried three great swords behind his back. There was a smile as warm as the sun on his face. At the center of his brows was a vertical red line. When he walked out of the dust fog, he came to stand next to the little girl. Then, he crouched down and handed her a small red flower that he had found in the dust fog a moment ago.

“Little girl, don’t cry. I’ll bring you away from this place.”

The young man touched the little girl’s head. When she instinctively took the little red flower, she was carried away by the young man who turned into a long arc that charged into the sky. He came to a stop while high above and swept his gaze across the land.

“I, Zhan Bai, third rank disciple of White Heron Compound, have come by the orders of my sect to destroy all of your rebellious Dao Beasts!”

The picture came to a pause, then shattered to pieces before disappearing from Su Ming’s mind. At the same time, his cultivation base moved past Fate Realm with a bang and headed straight towards Life Realm!

Ceaseless life force existed in Su Ming’s cultivation base. When it swam through his entire body, the power of Life Realm erupted from him… It was what Su Ming had been yearning for a long time!

Moving slightly past Fate Realm did not mean that Su Ming had reached great completion in Fate Realm. Instead, his cultivation base was simply covered by the golden light. He reached a temporary completion, and because of it, avoided directly reaching Life Realm. If Su Ming could reach great completion in Fate Realm on his own, his power would definitely raise by a considerable margin.

But at that moment, Su Ming could already sense just how strong he had become. The aura bursting out from him when his cultivation base swam in him caused the world to tremble and allowed Su Ming to sense a pinnacle of power he had never sensed before.

‘I should be able to make it raise a little more…’

Su Ming’s eyes sparkled a little. His cultivation base came to a swift halt, then at his will, it started moving in reverse. This action instantly filled Su Ming with intense pain. However, the golden light around him instantly gathered on him again. It fused with his cultivation base, which began to show signs of rising in power once more.

At the same time, the fragments formed after the picture in Su Ming’s mind shattered came to a swift halt, and they too, started moving in reverse to regroup and form a new picture.

In that picture was another world. That sky was sinking with loud bangs as if it was about to crumble. The ground trembled. In fact, if Su Ming lifted his head, he could see that the galaxy beyond the sky was crumbling as well. He was seeing a picture of a galaxy being reduced to dust, a universe dying, and an entire cosmos suffering a disaster!

The ground sunk and formed pits. A sect had been established underground, but at that moment, it got buried. There were various figures in midair, and the power coming from each of them caused Su Ming’s heart to tremble. The weakest in the group had power equivalent to those in Fate Realm, and the strongest gave Su Ming the feeling that they had completely surpassed the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe. It was a Realm Su Ming could not recognize.

The group looked like it wanted to leave their world, but when they flew up, their bodies roared as if an indescribable will had swept past them… completely wiping all of them out.

Su Ming’s heart trembled violently. In fact, for the first time ever, a great wave of terror rose from the bottom of his heart. The will was so strong that it left Su Ming in disbelief. Its merciless act of wiping out lives held an aloofness that required no words. It was as if the entire universe and all the lives before this will had to be completely destroyed no matter what sort of level of cultivation they possessed. They were not allowed to leave any sort of mark in the world.

Standing at the peak of a crumbling mountain on the ground was an old man in a long robe. Kneeling behind him was a young man. There was grief in his eyes. He trembled while he stared at the sky around him. That young man was the person Su Ming had seen in the first picture—Zhan Bai.

“It’s here…” The old man sighed softly. There was an ancient and complicated look on his face, along with helplessness and a reluctance to admit defeat.
