# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 1200

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

At the instant these souls bowed to him, Su Ming lifted his right hand and stared at it. After a period of silence, he slowly drew a line in front of himself.

He drew it slowly. and it looked like ordinary trail. The spot where he started was the Dark Mountain located in the land of Berserkers from his memories; the path in the middle went through the hardships he experienced throughout his life; and the end held the old man on the altar who had appeared in his mind when he muttered those words.

That path was Su Ming’s whole life. It could also be said that it was the life of the current era’s God of Berserkers.

“With the God of Berserkers’ thoughts, I will turn it into the will to make the Berserkers rise to power, and I will create a new version of Berserkers. This… will be my very own Created in Antiquity!”

At the instant Su Ming spoke after he finished drawing, the hundred million souls in the area shuddered. When all of them lifted their heads, they turned into a gust of cold wind that howled as it charged towards Su Ming from all directions. The souls fused into the path Su Ming had drawn in front of himself so that the illusory path would become real.

It turned into a seemingly simple line, but contained within it were more than a hundred million souls which belonged to people from Great Berserker Tribe. It also contained the years that slipped by Great Berserker Tribe which acted as the intersection point between the ancient past and the present.

“This will be the first style of my God of Berserkers Transformation that will reach perfection. My Berserker Obliteration might not have reached the level of Created in Antiquity, but it can reach the majesty of Eternal Creation,” Su Ming mumbled.

He swiftly brought his right hand down, and the world immediately roared. The sky distorted. At the instant an incredibly terrifying presence appeared, Su Ming clenched his right hand into a fist and gathered all of the power in it.

He could sense that once he executed the perfected first style of his God of Berserkers Transformation at full strength, he could change the universe in which he stood into an ancient era. The power of Eternal Creation would gather together the souls of more than one hundred million Berserkers from Great Berserker Tribe, and they would attack together to bring forth the greatest divine ability of Great Berserker Tribe.

‘Turning the universe into that belonging to Great Berserker Tribe… Time will overlap to turn the present into ancient times. One hundred million souls will then gather on him. Eternal Creation…’

The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe in the distance witnessed the entire process. He might not have been able to see the world Su Ming saw, but after his spirit had ascended eight times, he could guess what was going on based on just a few clues.

At that moment, his pupils shrank slightly, and a grave look appeared in his eyes when he looked at Su Ming.

Eternal Creation was a divine ability which made the old man slightly apprehensive. Even though it could not be of a threat to him, if Su Ming could have his spirit successfully ascend two or three times in the future, its strength would allow the youth to stand proudly at the top of the universe.

‘If he can have his spirit ascend five times and obtain that greatest serendipity of the fifth ascension, there is a high possibility that he will become the strongest person in the current era, as long as the others are not Ancestral Spirits!’ The old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe cast Su Ming a deep glance.

Su Ming lowered his head to stare at his right hand. In silence, he slowly unfurled his hand, and a fierce glare appeared in his eyes.

‘The name of the second style of my God of Berserkers Transformation was given by my second senior brother. It was known as Phantom Flash. It was an Art I often cast to travel at extreme speeds, but as my power increased, the speed provided by the second style gradually lost its usefulness…

‘Right now, with the perfection of my first style, the second style will also reach completion.’

Su Ming formed a seal with his right hand and pointed at the air. A strange thing happened then. Countless afterimages appeared behind his palm, and they did not disappear. All of them remained as if Su Ming had multiple right hands.

‘The figures moving back from the ancient past to the current world will no longer be limited to shifts, and neither will they be limited by the changes in dimensions. Instead, they will be able to move through time. Due to their indistinct figures, their bizarreness, and the difficulty of restricting them with Runes and seals… is why they will be known as Phantom Flash!’

Su Ming took a step forward, and in an instant, his body disappeared. When he reappeared, he was already hundreds of feet away. This action seemed quite normal, like something a slightly more powerful cultivator would be able to do with a shift, but Su Ming had not shifted, and neither had he used an extreme speed to move.

Instead, during that instant, he had used his power of an Antecedental Spirit. With his will as his driving force and the epiphany of turning the universe into the Great Berserkers, he moved as if he was moving through time. This was time moving. It was a divine ability of a higher level compared to a normal shift or warp.

The trajectory of a normal warp or shift could be detected, but Su Ming’s Phantom Flash lived up to its name. It could come and go without a trace.

With Phantom Flash, Su Ming could leave as he pleased even if he ran into people who were stronger than him.

“With this Art, I can be faster than others when it comes to casting divine abilities,” Su Ming whispered softly to himself, then slowly closed his eyes.

He had just perfected the first two styles, but there was no way he would stop. He wanted to create the third style for the God of Berserkers Transformation, an even stronger divine ability.

“The name for the third style… will be the God of Berserkers Transformation!”

At those words, Su Ming’s eyes flew open. When he raised his right hand, a hint of dark light appeared clearly in his eyes.

A large number of souls immediately appeared around his right hand. Fifteen million of them surrounded his right hand, and each of them were Progenitors from Great Berserker Tribe. As they screamed soundlessly, they instantly seeped into Su Ming’s right hand due to his will of a God of Berserkers.

Intense pain that made him feel as if he was being torn apart shot through his body, and his right hand swelled up. The feeling of great power then surged into his mind.

Su Ming lifted his left hand, and another fifteen million Berserker souls appeared. They fused into his arm, and in great pain, Su Ming jumped into the air. When he was airborne, he threw his head back and roared. Thirty million Berserker souls then appeared around his feet. Each of them had sincerity, zealousness, respect, and hope in their hearts as they seeped into Su Ming’s feet.

Then, the air around him distorted. As he became indistinct, forty million souls manifested to charge at Su Ming’s body. They fused into him, and the instant his body bore the weight of more than one hundred million souls, it transformed with a loud bang that surged into the heavens.

Su Ming’s body became more than hundreds of feet tall, and it looked like a hill standing in the sky. It was filled with an indescribably terrifying power and the presence of an Antecedental Spirit. Once it fused with his Berserker Body, it caused the world to tremble and the weather to change, and Su Ming let out another roar at the sky.

That roar seemed to replace the rules in the universe and seemed to have turned into the will of heaven. Su Ming’s power swiftly increased exponentially once he cast the God of Berserkers Transformation. His level of cultivation surpassed Death Realm and reached a state far above even if he had yet to reach Avanicaya Realm.

Yet he could not use God of Berserkers Transformation for long. Su Ming was a little fuzzy about the details, so he lowered his head and cast a glance at the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe in the distance.

The old man saw the current Su Ming as well, and his eyes sparkled. When he met Su Ming’s gaze, he saw the fighting spirit in Su Ming’s eyes. A faint smile appeared on his lips, and he nodded. He lifted his right foot and took a step into the air. The world immediately roared. Su Ming swiftly moved and executed Phantom Flash while under the effect of the God of Berserkers Transformation.

Once Phantom Flash was activated, he appeared out of nowhere in front of the old man without a single sound and without any ripples stirring up due to his movements, in a manner similar to shifting but was at the same time not. He lifted his fist and punched forward.

The old man’s gaze focused. He straightened his right hand, formed a seal, and pointed at Su Ming’s fist. A loud boom tore through the air, and a huge crack in the air ripped the space between the two men. The old man froze for a moment, but he did not retreat. A joyful look appeared on his face.

“As expected of the Great Berserkers of Wei, whose physical bodies can fight against Shu’s Gods!”

Su Ming took six consecutive steps back before he lifted his head. When he rushed forward again, he was so quick that he instantly reached the old man with Phantom Flash.

The two people fought in the sky. When about seven breaths passed, the loudest rumble yet rang out.

Su Ming was forced back. He then lifted his right hand and swiftly drew a line at the old man. With it, the sky distorted to turn into the sky of the ancient past. The ground shattered to turn into the land that belonged to the Berserkers. Countless Berserker souls left Su Ming’s body to fuse into the line, and it turned into… Eternal Creation.

The old man’s eyes immediately shrank, and his heart trembled. At that moment, he actually sensed danger from Su Ming’s Eternal Creation Art while the youth was under the effects of the God of Berserkers Transformation.

That feeling of danger might have been just a tiny spark, but he was a person who had succeeded eight times in spirit ascension, so he was similar to a peerless warrior in Avacaniya Realm. He might not have used his full strength against Su Ming just then, but if he could sense a hint of danger, it was enough to tell him just how powerful Su Ming had become.

He saw the slash created by Su Ming’s Eternal Creation charging at him. Not only did it contain more than one hundred million Berserker souls, it also pulled the world to him, as if the slash had turned into a black hole that could devour everything.

It was especially dangerous because it contained Su Ming’s will. It was the will of an Antecedental Spirit with a power equivalent to the will of heaven. When it descended, it instantly charged towards the old man from Heavenly Spirit Tribe.

A glint appeared in the old man’s eyes. But just when he was about to take action, his expression suddenly changed. He had seen Eternal Creation Art being executed before and faced more powerful versions of it, but Su Ming’s version was slightly strange. It gave the old man a feeling that the world in which he stood had turned into a still picture and that the incoming slash was a line drawn on that picture. It was also one that could completely destroy the whole picture.

When he saw that Su Ming’s Berserker Obliteration was about to land, the old man closed his eyes before opening them the next instant. When he did so, both his eyes had three pupils in them.

He lifted his right hand and pointed casually before himself, sending a force to crash against Su Ming’s Berserker Obliteration. Booming sounds surged into the sky, and dust filled the area. The old man stood in his place without moving as he stared at Su Ming who was walking out languidly from the fog and who had returned to normal from his God of Berserkers Transformation.

When Su Ming walked out of the fog, he looked at the old man and spoke flatly with a calm expression on his face. “As I thought, you have indeed provided me with extra care when those Arid Beasts appeared, senior. That is why the Arid Beasts turned into the Arid Disaster in the end.”
