# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 902

At the instant Dao Kong looked over, the excited voice of the host reverberated through the auction hall once again.

"Perhaps some of you have already guessed what this treasure is. That's right… It is… the item that only those who are direct descendants of True Morning Dao World's Morning Dao Sect can obtain, and every single one of them can only have one of them in their lives… the Sacred Constellation Robe!

"The Sacred Constellation Robe contains the most powerful divine ability of Morning Dao Sect which can make the person who wears it enslave all manner of lives, and this item will grow until the strongest person appears in each generation of direct descendants of Morning Dao Sect!

"If there are those who are afraid of True Morning Dao World here, then you must absolutely not buy this Sacred Constellation Robe, or you will bring a great disaster upon your heads. However, to my fellow Daoists from Divine Essence Star Ocean, this is the best chance for you to investigate Morning Dao Sect!

"Once you have understood this item completely, you might even be able to find the secrets of Morning Dao Sect. In fact, there is no need for you to be worried about Morning Dao Sect's revenge, since you are here!

"Those from the other three Great True Worlds, if you wanted to obtain a Sacred Constellation Robe normally, you would need to kill a direct descendant of Morning Dao Sect, and this would incite a war between several Great True Worlds. However, as of now, you can just buy this item and you will obtain the best way to research Morning Dao Sect's secrets!

"Those from True Morning Dao World, if you manage to buy this item and bring it back to Morning Dao Sect, then with how Morning Dao Sect values each of their direct descendants, this would surely be a great meritorious service for you!"

As that excited voice reverberated in the air, Dao Kong stood up from his chair. In his rush, he even knocked his wine cup away, and it spilled onto the ground.

However, he did not pay any attention to it. His gaze was fixed entirely on... the Sacred Constellation Robe that was brought out at that moment and revealed before the eyes of the people in the auction hall!

Shock appeared on his face, and booms rang out in his mind. With just one glance, he could tell that this was not an imitation, but a real Sacred Constellation Robe. This was something only the direct descendants of Morning Dao Sect could obtain. In fact, he could even sense a bloody aura about that Sacred Constellation Robe. He felt like he could even vaguely hear his family member's shrill roars before he died, which were left on that Sacred Constellation Robe.

"I can tell all of you with certainty that this is the first and only Sacred Constellation Robe Black Ink Auction has ever put for auction. It has never appeared before, and in the future… it might never appear again.

"This is your only chance. The starting bid for this Sacred Constellation Robe is 10,000,000 crystals!" There was an incredibly infectious force contained within the voice of the auction host. As his voice echoed in the air, all the people in the auction hall instantly fell silent.

Within their gazes were greed, surprised delight, and also mockery. There were also plenty of other gazes that instantly gathered on the rooms around the area, searching… for those who came from True Morning Dao World.

They longed to see the expressions of those from True Morning Dao World when they saw the Sacred Constellation Robe. It would definitely be a sight worth seeing.

"Damn it!"

Dao Kong's expression twisted, and he kicked away the woman who was kneeling by his side, then took large strides towards the screen of light in front of him to stare intently at the Sacred Constellation Robe. His relaxed attitude and composure were completely gone by then.

He hated Black Ink Planet for daring to put this item up for auction and despised the auction host down to very core of his being. That person had spoken in far too much detail, and those details had been offered as if he could not wait for the alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean to immediately place their bids to buy the item.

Besides, it was just as he said, if those members of the alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean bought the item, they would be too far from True Morning Dao World's reach, making it impossible reach them.

However, even if the alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean did not buy this item, but one of the other three Great True Worlds bought it, then it would be just as the auction host had said. They would have bought the item from the auction, so there was no killing involved. If Morning Dao Sect wanted to retrieve that Sacred Constellation Robe, then they would need to offer a price that was even higher than what these people had offered when they bought the item.

However, this was not the worst-case scenario. The worst was… if he just watched someone else just buy that Sacred Constellation Robe before his eyes. No matter what reason it was, be it because he did not have enough crystals or something else, as long as he let someone else buy that Sacred Constellation Rob, Dao Kong would have to bear the rage of Morning Dao Sect. Even if he was a direct descendant, the Sect Elders would still show him the definition of ruthlessness.

"Damn it! Damn it!" Dao Kong growled out, and his eyes instantly became bloodshot.

He had never expected to run into such a thing in Black Ink Planet.

He knew well that each of Sacred Constellation Robes that belonged to a direct descendant of Morning Dao Sect was incredibly important, and they were recorded in detail within the sect's record books. Once a member of their family died, it meant that something big had happened!

However, he had been in Divine Essence Star Ocean for more than a thousand years and had never paid any attention to this. After all, the Sect Elders would definitely launch a full investigation if any of their family members died. He would need to return to the sect to know just who it was.

However, before he came to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, he had heard about cased when Morning Dao Sect lost their Sacred Constellation Robes. Two of them had been retrieved after, but there was one that had been lost twenty thousand years ago and not a single clue of it had been found. No matter what sort of method Morning Dao Sect used to look for it, none of them yielded any results.

When blood capillaries filled Dao Kong's eyes, a light chuckle reached his ears. That chuckle seemed to echo in the air, and he could not see the person who had laughed.

"Shut up!" Dao Kong turned his head around and swept his gaze across the room.

"Whether I laugh or not is my business, what does it have to do with you? If Morning Dao Sect learns that you did not interfere and allowed someone else to buy that Sacred Constellation Robe, I'd like to see what sort of explanation you'll give," a woman said in a light voice.

Dao Kong's expression grew incredibly dark. Just as he was about to speak, after a brief period of dead silence, voices calling out to place their bids immediately rang in the air.

"Interesting. I'll offer 11,000,000 crystals for that."

"Haha! 15,000,000!"

"How could you all be so stingy with your money? I'll offer 30,000,000!"

The voices placing their bids landed heavy blows in Dao Kong's mind and heart. He clenched his fists. He understood deep within him that the people in the area knew that True Morning Dao World would definitely buy the item, which was why they intentionally jacked up the price.

In fact, if he did not manage to buy the item, then if Morning Dao Sect wanted to retrieve it afterwards, they would need to offer a price that was several times higher than at which it was initially sold. It could be said that this was a deal where they would definitely profit and not suffer any losses.

Of course, the prerequisite was that they had the right to stand as equals with Morning Dao Sect, or else, they would only be asking for death if they jacked up the price.

Su Ming looked at the things happening in the auction hall, and a smile appeared on his lips. He had originally not wanted to bring out that Sacred Constellation Robe, but since Dao Kong did not have any intention to participate in the auction, Su Ming needed to bring out an item that Dao Kong would be forced to buy.

Su Ming was not worried that there would be other people who would manage to buy the robe either. He knew that this was a robe that Dao Kong would be determined to get. If someone else bought it, then it would definitely be something that would cause Dao Kong to go mad.

"This thing is priceless. How could a mere 30,000,000 crystals be enough for this robe's status. True Sacred Yin World will offer… 50,000,000!"

"Since True Sacred Yin World offered this price, then the Emperor of Abyss' True World will naturally not fall behind. 70,000,000!"

"80,000,000!" a voice with a slightly strange accent stated. When everyone heard it, they instantly knew that the owner of it was not from the four Great True Worlds, but from… the alien race of Divine Essence Star Ocean!

"100,000,000 crystals!" Dao Kong could no longer just sit around. In fact, he did not have his followers offer a price but placed the bid himself. His voice echoed in the entire auction hall, stirring up plenty of chuckles.

"This robe belongs to True Morning Dao World, and all those who dare to compete will have to think about the vengeance True Morning Dao World will bring upon them. There is a bloody aura on that robe, and even though it has been there for a long time, this concerns the death of a family member from Morning Dao Sect!

"All of those who participate in this auction will make me suspect that this item actually belongs to you, and you are using this auction to make it legally belong to you instead of owning it in secret, thereby washing off the blood feud between you and Morning Dao Sect!"

Dao Kong was not a fool. He was a person with great potential and True Morning Dao World's kismet, so there was no way he would be an average person.

In just a moment, he had thought of these words, and it immediately made the people from the other Great True Worlds who wanted to place a bid unable to help themselves but to pause in their actions.

"That Dao Kong sure reacts quickly, but the more he reacts this way, the better." Su Ming smiled faintly while he watched the storm raging in the auction hall. He knew that Dao Kong would definitely walk into the trap he had set this time.

"130,000,000," the strange voice from Divine Essence Star Ocean's alien race said again. There was a raspy quality to that voice, and even though the accent was unusual, but the ancient feeling within it still showed the speaker's age.

Perhaps other bystanders would pay heed to True Morning Dao World, but the alien races from Divine Essence Star Ocean were not all bothered by some True World. The distance between them was too far great, and even if True Morning Dao World was enraged, it would still find it difficult to rain much vengeance on the alien races in Divine Essence Star Ocean.

"150,000,000!"

Dao Kong's expression was completely twisted, and a ferocious look appeared on his face. His heart was bleeding at the loss of his crystals, and he knew that there was no way he would be able to complete his mission this time, but if he obtained that Sacred Constellation Robe, it would be seen as a meritorious deed when he returned to Morning Dao Sect. No one would then be too bothered by the fact that he did not complete his mission.

"200,000,000." A light chuckle echoed in the air. The appearance of that voice immediately stunned the cultivators in the auction hall, because the woman's voice had come from Dao Kong's room.

"Xu Hui!" Dao Kong turned around and glared at the air around him, almost gritting his teeth in the process.

"I will buy this item and offer it as a gift to Morning Dao Sect in order to break off my engagement with you. That should be enough, don't you think?" The woman let out a tinkling laughter as she spoke.

There was no way Dao Kong would agree to this. Even if Xu Hui buying that Sacred Constellation Robe would result in no loss to him in terms of crystals and he could continue to finish his task, he would have actually suffered a loss. He would lose a wife and the opportunity to reach a breakthrough as he practiced his first dual cultivation when he reached Plane Kalpa Realm. On top of that, if Xu Hui broke off an engagement with him, his reputation in True Morning Dao World would suffer a heavy blow.

This was something the proud Dao Kong could not accept.

"300,000,000!" he said in a dark voice.
