# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 903

Once Dao Kong raised the bid, the entire auction hall fell silent. Three hundred million was enough to be called an outrageous price!

It could not be said whether it was worth or not worth it to buy a single Sacred Constellation Robe for that sort of price. After all, those unrelated had only heard about the general functions of the Sacred Constellation Robes. The only ones who truly knew about them were still the direct descendants from Morning Dao Sect.

In fact, even Dao Kong himself felt continuous pain in his heart when he said the price, as if he had just been stabbed by a sharp sword. This price could be said to contain all his savings.

However, he now was holding a tiger by the tail. Even if he needed to borrow crystals, he had to buy that Sacred Constellation Robe. In fact, this matter concerned his fiancée as well. Because of that, he could simply not give up on that Sacred Constellation Robe. Even if he ended up crushing his teeth from clenching them too hard while competing for this robe, he would still have to buy it.

At the moment he placed that bid, Xu Hui chuckled softly. She knew that breaking off the engagement was definitely not an easy feat. This matter was tied to the traditions between Morning Dao Sect and Phoenix Sect, so there was no certainty that one Sacred Constellation Robe would be enough to break that tradition.

Besides, even though she found Dao Kong an eyesore, she knew in her heart that she was going to end up as his wife. By making him pay a few more crystals, she was simply venting her frustrations. After letting out a light chuckle, she did not continue placing anymore bids.

After a brief period of silence within the auction hall, even the alien race from Divine Essence Star Ocean did not continue placing any bids. After all, three hundred million crystals was really not a small sum.

The middle-aged man who was the host of the auction still maintained a smile on his face. Once he swept his gaze across the auction hall, he let out a hearty laugh.

"Since no one else is going to compete for this item, then this Sacred Constellation Robe that has been put on auction for the first time over the course of numerous years in Black Ink Planet will belong to True Morning Dao Sect!"

Once he said that, two graceful ladies walked out of the air behind him. They picked up the Sacred Constellation Robe and disappeared without a trace.

Only at that moment did Dao Kong breathe out a sigh of relief in his heart.

The auction continued. The middle-aged man continued bringing out one item after another, and the lively air that previously existed in the auction hall started rising once again.

The voices calling out to place their bids rose and fell, but Dao Kong heard none of that. He turned his head and looked towards the door to his room.

Another ten something breaths passed before the sound of someone knocking on the door rang in the air.

Once the door was pushed open, the Sacred Constellation Robe was brought in a box by the two graceful ladies into Dao Kong's room with respect radiating from their actions.

The woman with pointy ears in the room immediately walked forward to accept the box. Once she examined it carefully, she placed it in front of Dao Kong. His gaze landed on the box, and a glint appeared in his eyes.

"Nine seniors of mine, I would have to trouble you to help me check whether someone has done anything to this robe."

Once Dao Kong said these words, the nine old men who had their eyes shut and were not far away from Dao Kong lifted their right hands at the same time and pushed towards the box through the air. Distortions immediately appeared around the item.

As the air distorted, the box was reduced to powder and scattered without a single sound, revealing the Sacred Constellation Robe within. That robe floated up, and even though the air around it was twisting about due to the distortions, not a single ripple of power could be detected from it. The only difference was that the the stars on the robe began to shine in an incredibly clear manner, giving off a dazzling feel.

After a moment, one of the nine old men said flatly in a hoarse voice, "Everything is normal."

A hint of excitement that could not be concealed appeared on Dao Kong's face. His heart was filled with exhilaration. The appearance of this robe in the auction hall was good and bad for him. However, now that he had bought it, the cons of it no longer existed. Instead, the benefits that would come with it would be magnified endlessly.

'If I bring this robe back to Morning Dao Sect, I will perform a great meritorious deed!' A faint smile appeared on Dao Kong's face. He lifted his right hand and seized the Sacred Constellation Robe.

'Now let's have a look as to which direct descendant this robe belonged to!'

Dao Kong was a cautious person, which was why even after he had bought the Sacred Constellation Robe and even the woman had investigated it, he still had the nine seniors he trusted the most to work together and check it.

Each of these nine people had outstanding power, and when they were together, they could allow Dao Kong to ignore plenty of dangers. In fact, he just needed one single thought, and the three thousand fearless warriors would arrive in this place in the blink of an eye.

There was nothing he should be afraid of, and he did not believe that there was anything that could cause him danger, unless the threat was from… a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death. However, he did not believe that the powerful Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death would personally come and cause trouble for him.

That was why before he touched the Sacred Constellation Robe with his hands, the smile on his face grew wider. However, at the instant he touched the Sacred Constellation Robe with his hand, the nine old men's bodies suddenly shuddered.

"Let go of it!" the nine shouted at the same time and even stood up instantly. A vast presence spread out violently from their bodies with a bang, shaking the room like how a mountain would when a terrifying earthquake struck it.

Behind Dao Kong, an indistinct figure of a woman walked out from the air and lifted her hand to seize that Sacred Constellation Robe.

But… even she was too late!

In fact, Dao Kong had not even managed to register what was going on. Once he touched the Sacred Constellation Robe, a boom rang out in his mind, and his vision blurred. A power of relocation swiftly spread out from that Sacred Constellation Robe, sweeping up his body and disappearing without a trace in the blink of an eye.

His expression changed swiftly. Without any hesitation, before his vision cleared, he thought to send a divine thought to have the three thousand fearless warriors arrive, but at the instant he was to do this, a powerful force rushed straight into his mind with a bang. Under that impact, a roar traveled through Dao Kong's mind, and it went blank for a short period of time.

He could only vaguely see that he had been relocated to an unfamiliar place. There were a dozen something people sitting around in the room, and their presences radiated mighty waves of pressure that trapped him completely in his spot, like a gigantic net.

The final thing he saw was a calm face. It did not belong to an old man, but someone young, and his appearance seemed rather familiar to Dao Kong. This person was looking at him, and the profound gaze in his eyes looked as if it contained the endless universe and could cause a person to instantly be lost within it.

He saw the young man lifting his right hand and placing it at the top of his skull. After that… Dao Kong's world turned black.

Su Ming had an indifferent expression on his face as he placed his right hand at the top of Dao Kong's skull. At the instant his hand landed, he closed his eyes. His soul instantly left his body and charged into Dao Kong's body.

Dao Kong started trembling viciously. His expression distorted, and red filled his eyes. However, there was an unfocused look within them. Yet from his expression, it could be seen that the pain he went through at that moment was definitely nothing common.

Yu Rou and the Duke of Crimson Flame who guarded the door of the room turned their heads back to look at Su Ming and Dao Kong. The Duke of Crimson Flame did not react much, but there was still a hint of surprise in his eyes. However, once Yu Rou saw Su Ming's actions, her expression immediately changed.

She had been trying to guess Su Ming's goal all along. After all, killing Dao Kong here was easy, but the problems that would come afterwards would be numerous. Yet only then did she realize that Su Ming's goal all along was not to kill Dao Kong… but to Possess him!

Compared to her, the thirteen Progenitors from the Yu Family beside Dao Kong were much calmer. In their hearts, Su Ming was their ancestor, their god, and they would question neither his orders nor his actions. Instead, they would follow them at all costs.

The silence and bizarre situation in Su Ming's room became a stark contrast to the area outside. Almost the instant Dao Kong was relocated to Su Ming's room, a loud bang swept outwards from Dao Kong's room with an intensity of a windstorm.

As that loud bang reverberated in the air, nine figures rushed out madly. Needless to say, these nine people where the nine old men with their eyes shut. At the instant they rushed out, they opened their eyes at the same time.

Right then, it could be seen that they had no pupils in their eyes; there was only white there. However, that white was not pale white, but was instead… a white hue that looked like the color of bone.

Booming sounds rang out everywhere. As they echoed thunderously, the nine people rushed into each of the rooms within the auction hall like nine livid dragons. Wherever they went, they would start searching in a frenzy, without caring for anything else.

They could sense that Dao Kong was not relocated far away… but was nearby!

"What are you doing?!"

"Enemy attack!"

"They're people from True Morning Dao World!"

Furious roars immediately came from the rooms within the auction hall as the nine people barged into them. As the booming sounds echoed in the air, the nine old men activated all their power and used the powerful force that belonged to those in the later stage of World Plane Realm on every single person they saw.

Right behind those nine people was a woman in a purple robe. She walked out from space with her long hair dancing in the air, and her beauty could rival that of Yu Rou's.

"He's over there!" Her voice was cold and aloof. After a purple light shone in her eyes for seven consecutive times, she pointed towards a room in the distance, and that room was precisely where Su Ming was located.

She could find Dao Kong because when her hand was given to Dao Kong, her life had been bound to his by Morning Dao Sect and Phoenix Sect, which was why she could find him in such a short period of time.

Once she said those words, the nine old men whose eyes were shining with white light lifted their heads and glared at the room at which Xu Hui had pointed. Then, with their full speed, they sliced through the air and charged towards that room.

There was another woman who moved with the nine old men to rush towards that room. In fact, she was even slightly faster than them. That woman was not Xu Hui, but the young married woman. She looked as if she had turned into a cat with sharp claws that were three inches long, and she was so quick that she closed in on the door to the room within an instant.

Xu Hui's eyes were freezing cold. With a single move, the illusion of a bright moon manifested behind her. She was… already in Lunar Kalpa Realm!

"How preposterous of Black Ink Planet! How dare they scheme against True Morning Dao World in such a brazen manner!" Xu Hui moved, and murderous aura appeared about her.

Yet the instant she said these words, a cold harrumph echoed in the air.

"People of True Morning Dao World, the auction is still going, yet you are here causing trouble. You will have to offer an explanation to Black Ink Planet."

As the cold harrumph echoed in the air, a gust of wind that could destroy space itself rushed in front of Xu Hui.

At the same time, nine figures appeared in front of the nine old men. There was also an old man who had appeared in front of the woman who had turned into a cat. He lifted his palm and stopped her from moving forward.
