# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 904

The thirteen old men sat cross-legged in Su Ming's room with their power completely activated. Once they gathered it up, they formed a powerful pressure that covered Dao Kong's body.

Su Ming closed his eyes, and Dao Kong, too, closed his eyes.

However, Dao Kong's body was trembling viciously. At that moment, he felt as if his mind had been turned upside down, and there were loud, booming sounds that spread throughout his mind, and they were so loud it sounded like the whole world had shattered. The echoed within his head without stop.

"Who are you?! Just who are you?!"

Dao Kong's world was an empty space with dazzling light. He stood there and roared with a hint of despair and fear, his voice spreading in all directions.

The only answer he received was a cold harrumph that came from a gigantic body.

That body was formed from Su Ming's soul. He stood in Dao Kong's mind like a god that had descended to the ground. That cold harrumph was so powerful that it could make Dao Kong's mind crumble, and it began n to tremble violently.

"You do not need to know my name," Su Ming said flatly. He lifted his gigantic right hand and pushed it swiftly towards Dao Kong. With this, his palm was instantly enlarged and charged straight towards its target.

Dao Kong's face twisted with ferociousness, and a crazed look appeared on his face. If he could still not understand what was happening, then he had no right to call himself a prodigy.

"You want to Possess me! Damn it! Even if you Possess me, it'll still be difficult for you to escape death!" As Dao Kong roared, he lifted his arms. His power, his soul, and all his thoughts gathered on his palms with an intensity as if they were boiling to block Su Ming's palm pressing down on him.

A loud bang rang out, and Dao Kong's body shuddered. In his eyes, Su Ming's right hand was still growing larger, as if it planned to replace the whole world. If the other pushed his palm down, there was no way Dao Kong could dodge it. In an instant, that palm covered his body.

At the same time, an intense pain as if he was being torn apart spread through Dao Kong's soul. He felt like there was a will that was ripping apart his soul with a powerful force, and the pain only fused with it, mercilessly wiping his own will away.

This was like a phenomenon that could not be altered. All forms of power could not change this reality. Upon this realization, Dao Kong's roars became biting and shrill, his madness turning into despair.

He had seen others execute Possession before, but had never expected that he would one day have it used on him. There were no words that could be used to describe this fear. It was a despair that was numerous times more wretched and miserable than death.

"Damn it! You're the one who brought out that Sacred Constellation Robe! Your goal was to lure me into buying it. You hid a Relocation Rune in your Sacred Constellation Robe. You… You killed the owner of that Sacred Constellation Robe! Even if you Possess me, Morning Dao Sect will absolutely not let you go!" Dao Kong roared shrilly, but the palm that covered his body made him feel as if the sky and earth had pressed down on him at the same time, leaving him unable to resist. His soul was torn, and the feeling that he was being invaded and wiped away became even stronger.

He could sense it. In ten breaths at most… his soul would scatter and disappear!

"Why are you Possessing me?! If you're talking about potential, there's Ye Wang from Black Ink Planet! He has even greater potential than I do! You… Let me go! I will help you capture Ye Wang! I'll help you Possess him!

"I-I can even recommend you to become Morning Dao Sect's guest. Let me go! I-I don't want to be Possessed!" Dao Kong was almost pleading at this point.

Once his words were spoken, he could sense the mighty pressure on his body relaxing slightly. In fact, the pain from the sense of his soul being torn apart stopped intensifying, and hope immediately rose in his heart.

The moment Dao Kong felt the pressure relaxing on him, a powerful killing intent rose in his heart. Without any hesitation, he used this chance to say a few complicated and difficult words that formed a chant.

"Vandaman, stutih, sanghasah! [1]" At the instant he said these three words, a powerful ray of light erupted from his body. That powerful light surrounded his body, and three complicated runic symbols appeared. As the powerful light swirled about violently, a vast presence spread out from the three runic symbols.

"Progenitor, save me!" Dao Kong roared furiously.

A barely noticeable cold sneer appeared at the corners of Su Ming's lips. He had been waiting for Dao Kong to use this sort of method, because he believed that with the potential he possessed, Dao Kong's position in Morning Dao Sect would definitely not be something Dao Ren could compare to. Due to that, there was a high possibility that there was a Protection Art cast by some powerful warrior on Dao Kong's body.

If it was forced out passively, then the Art would not be something he could control, and that was not part of Su Ming's plan, which was why Su Ming had intentionally lessened the pressure on the palm. Because of it, Dao Kong, who had been forced into despair, would definitely seize the chance and activate that Life Protection Art.

This would allow Su Ming to have time to seize control over that Life Protection Art which he could not originally control. Once that happened, he could complete the most crucial part of his plan to Possess Dao Kong, which was how to make the people from Morning Dao Sect believe that the future Dao Kong who would appear before them would be the real Dao Kong.

"I don't even need fifteen breaths to Possess you." Su Ming smiled coldly. At the instant power burst forth from the three runic symbols, he pounced on Dao Kong.

This scene made it seem as if Su Ming's gigantic body had turned into fog and surged into Dao Kong's body, clashing against the strong light and the runic symbols in the process.

Loud booming sounds echoed continuously in Dao Kong's mind. Su Ming's body looked as if he had been forcefully wiped off by the strong light, and he was swiftly disappearing.

At the instant his body completely disappeared, the terrified expression on Dao Kong's face froze for an instant. However, it disappeared soon. His face was still twisted, there was still fear lingering in his body, but there was a difference in the depths of his eyes that no one could notice. That difference turned the cold, sinister look in Dao Kong's eyes into a profound look.

Dao Kong lifted his head and roared, "Damn it, you want to Possess me?! No one can Possess me!"

The world where he was immediately distorted, and his body was covered by a vortex. Once it covered him completely, he disappeared without a trace.

…..

Outside Su Ming's room was Lie Shan Family and the people from Morning Dao Sect, and they were fighting against each other.

"The actions you took while Black Ink Auction is still going are against the rules of Black Ink Planet. Even if you are from True Morning Dao World, you are not allowed to be so preposterous!" an old voice said languidly from the wind that could destroy space in front of Xu Hui.

Elder Feng's ancient body manifested from the air. When he swung his arm, Xu Hui's expression changed, and she took several swift steps back, and her pupils shrank.

She was not the only one retreating, though. The nine old men who were beside Dao Kong and who had now opened their eyes moved back in unison as well. Each time their feet landed on the ground, it would tremble.

The nine people who blocked the nine guards were also nine old men. They belonged to different families, but they were all from Black Ink Planet and part of Black Ink Dao!

The incredibly quick catwoman let out a piercing cry and began retreating with movements that made it seem as if her body was twisting. She retreated several dozen feet backwards, but there was still a layer of rain that surrounded her. It made her body seem obscure, somewhat vague and indistinct.

Xu Hui's pupils constricted, and she said with a cold sneer, "Interesting. Are there so many powerful warriors in Black Ink Planet so you could mobilize your forces instantly… or have you been waiting here and appeared to stop us when Dao Kong disappeared!

"Black Ink Planet, I don't care how you appeared here, but if you intend to stop us, then you will incite a full scale battle between True Morning Dao World and Black Ink Planet!

"You will also have to offer us an explanation for the disappearance of Dao Kong, a direct descendant of True Morning Dao World's Morning Dao Sect!"

Elder Feng remained calm. Based on Su Ming's request, he only needed to block these people for fifteen breaths, and the time was almost up. He cast a glance at the people from Morning Dao Sect, and let his gaze linger a little while longer on Xu Hui.

"Might I know how the direct descendant of your sect disappeared? Please explain in detail. If he had truly disappeared from Black Ink Auction, then I will naturally not stop you. Instead, I will work together with True Morning Dao World and search for that direct descendant of yours," Elder Feng said faintly while he counted the time in his heart. Fifteen breaths had passed by then. He might not know what Su Ming's plan entailed, but to ensure that no accidents happened, it could only be better if he could stall them a little longer.

"But if you can't provide the reason, then based on how you have barged into the rooms carelessly just now, True Morning Dao World will never be allowed to enter Black Ink Planet ever again."

Right when Elder Feng finished speaking, someone let out a cold harrumph from among the nine old men.

"Once you brought that Sacred Constellation Robe to our room after our young master bought it, our young master touched it, and he was immediately relocated. I will absolutely not believe it if you say this has nothing to do with Black Ink Planet!"

"Oh? Kang Jiu, go and check True Morning Dao World's room and see whether there is any ripple of power from a Relocation," Elder Feng said calmly, and beside him, Lie Shan Kang Jiu immediately lowered his head and voiced his obedience before walking towards the room where the people from Morning Dao Sect previously stayed.

The nine old men who had been beside Dao Kong had incredibly dark expressions on their faces at that moment. However, this was Black Ink Planet, and they also had nine people whose levels of cultivation were not any weaker than theirs blocking their path, which prevented them from breaking through.

Xu Hui's lips curled up into a cold sneer. She stole a glance at the room where she could sense Dao Kong's presence and suddenly moved. Her body split into four, and from different directions, she charged towards the room in which Su Ming stayed.

Elder Feng frowned. As he swung his arm, violent gusts of wind immediately howled. Just as they were about to sweep towards the four Xu Huis, she laughed coldly. The four figures moved once again, and in the blink of an eye, sixteen Xu Huis appeared in front of the crowd.

"Rush in!" they all cried out at the same time. The catwoman immediately let out a shrill meow, and her body changed completely. Her beast form took up most of her body, because of which she looked like she had turned into a real cat as she charged into the room.

The nine old men spat out a mouthful of blood together as if they were activating some sort of Forbidden Art. Their power then increased exponentially, and like nine raging dragons, they rushed towards the door.

"Eighteen Strikes from the Lake of Phoenix! You're one of the Phoenix Sect!" Elder Feng's pupils constricted.

The sixteen Xu Hui's lifted their right hands together and struck the door to Su Ming's room through the air. As booming sounds echoed in the air, the seventeenth Xu Hui appeared outside Su Ming's door as it twisted. Her appearance made it seem as if she had borne the force from the sixteen figures' strike, and once that force gathered on her body, it turned into her seventeenth strike.

With a speed those from Black Ink Planet could not stop, her palm struck the door.

Bang!

The door was shattered, and at the moment that happened, a steady voice came from the room.

"Xu Hui, I'm fine."

Translator's Note:

1. Vandaman, stutih, sanghasah: Which means prayer, praise, and togetherness. They're Sanskrit. There's no meaning to it, it's just a chant, and since I recently became addicted to Sanskrit and since it's just a chant, why not? Right? Right? It's more awesome than "Dao, cheng, and zong!" isn't it?! When I have time I am SO changing the previous chants to Sanskrit versions as well.
