# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 905

Along with the voice came a slender figure who walked out of the shattered door, and his presence had the pupils of Elder Feng and the members of the Lie Shan Family shrinking.

That person had a handsome face and looked like the world's serendipity had gathered on him and blessed his body. His black hair danced in the air, and his Sacred Constellation Robe shone with a dazzling light. As he stood there, the ethereal presence from him was powerful enough to attract the eyes of all those who saw him.

His own eyes were bright, and he had sharp, curving eyebrows that were in the shape of mountains. As he stood there, it looked like all the light around him had become dim so that he would become the focus of all attention.

He was a person who stole all serendipities in the world, who enjoyed the kismet from the universe - Dao Kong!

Xu Hui frowned and took several steps back, her sixteen figures dispersing. The nine old men swiftly went forward and surrounded Dao Kong like guards to protect him. The concern on their faces was incredibly clear.

"This is just a misunderstanding. I hope that the families of Black Ink Planet will not mind." Dao Kong smiled faintly and wrapped his fist in his palm, then bowed slightly to Elder Feng and the others.

A barely noticeable glint appeared in Elder Feng's eyes, and he moved his gaze from Dao Kong's body to the room in which Su Ming stayed. In the room, he saw Yu Rou, the thirteen old men, and also Su Ming, who was sitting cross-legged on the floor with a calm gaze.

"Fellow Daoist Su had a secret he wanted to discuss with me, which was why he had laid out this plan and Relocated me to his place. We have finished speaking now. Please do not blame fellow Daoist Su for this," Dao Kong said, still smiling faintly.

Su Ming also smiled, and a hint of regret appeared on his face as he looked towards Elder Feng, the nine old men beside Dao Kong, and also Xu Hui.

Xu Hui stared at Dao Kong. If it was not because she did not sense a single change within his presence, she would have definitely suspected that there was something wrong with this matter. However, the feeling she had in her soul was as usual at that moment, even if she thought that there was something off about this.

But she could not pinpoint it. With a glint in her eyes, she disappeared quietly into the air.

Elder Feng cast a profound look at Dao Kong, then aid flatly, "Since it is a misunderstanding, then fellow Daoists from True Morning Dao World, please return to your rooms. The auction is still in progress. Now, pardon me."

"My subordinates have been rude just now, do forgive us." Dao Kong remained elegant and refined. When he wrapped his fist in his palm, an expression of regret also appeared on his face. It was one suited for his status and also one that conformed to the feeling he usually gave to others. As he spoke, he turned around and cast Su Ming a look. Once he smiled and nodded towards him, he strode towards his room.

The nine old men cast hostile looks at the Lie Shan Family and left while trailing behind Dao Kong.

When they left, Elder Feng frowned and cast a glance at Su Ming once again. After a brief period of silence, he turned around and led the members of the Lie Shan Family away. As for Elder Yu, he had already disappeared into the air and was now nowhere to be seen.

The thirteen old men's faces were apathetic as they remained in Su Ming's room. They would not think about anything that was related to their progenitor. In their minds, they only needed to obey his orders.

But it was not so for Yu Rou. She looked at Su Ming with a complicated expression on her face. She had a vague guess in her heart, but it seemed rather inconceivable to her.

'This should not be a Possession; otherwise, how could that Dao Kong still have his intelligence intact. Su Ming also has his intelligence intact. Besides, judging by how the people from Morning Dao Sect reacted and were able to find this place immediately, it can only mean that there is someone among them who has a close connection to Dao Kong, so it he was Possessed, then that connection would definitely be broken…

'However, based on their reactions just now, it seems like… that connection is still around?

'But if it wasn't a Possession, then what was it..?' As Yu Rou thought about it, a deep wariness appeared in her eyes as she looked at Su Ming. He had become even more unfathomable in her mind.

"Let's go. There's no need for us to linger around here anymore." Su Ming stood up, and when he spoke flatly, he walked out. Yu Rou followed behind him. As for the thirteen old men, they bowed respectfully and disappeared into their rooms to act as garrisons for the auction.

"Prepare a chamber for me. I want to enter isolation." When he walked out of the room, Su Ming spoke in a calm manner, and Yu Rou lowered her head to voice her obedience.

After a moment, Su Ming sat down cross-legged in a chamber deep underground within Black Water City. It was quiet all around him. He had his eyes open, and his expression was calm. Not a single hint of emotion was revealed on his face.

He seemed to be waiting for something. When the time it takes for an incense stick to burn passed, a light breeze seemed to blow in the chamber, and Su Ming looked over.

Elder Feng walked out from the wind and sat down cross-legged in front of him.

"Lord God of Berserkers, please grant me an explanation," Elder Feng said hoarsely.

Su Ming did not speak. Instead, he lifted his right hand. Freezing air slowly appeared in the air above it, followed soon by snow manifesting itself above his palm. This was not an illusion. This was snow brought about by the cold of Midwinter's Chill, which was part of Su Ming's Life Matrix.

The few flakes of snow that appeared on Su Ming's palm floated down to the ground from his palm, and gradually, a layer of snow covered the area around him.

"Elder Feng, what did you see?" Su Ming asked languidly.

"Snow." Elder Feng frowned slightly.

Su Ming furled his right hand into a fist, and once he seized the snow floating down, he unfurled his palm to reveal the snowflakes which had not melted in his palm.

"What is this?"

"Snow," Elder Feng answered faintly.

Su Ming smiled. He flicked his wrist, and once he flung off the snow, he seized the layer of snow around him with a gentle grip.

"And what is this?"

"It is still snow." Elder Feng narrowed his eyes, as if he had come to an understanding.

"I have already provided you with an explanation." Su Ming swung his arm, and all the snow around him disappeared "I want to enter isolation now, and I will head to Divine Essence Star Ocean after that Once we part ways, I do not know when we will meet each other again. Elder Feng… please take care of yourself." Su Ming smiled and slowly closed his eyes.

Elder Feng remained silent for a moment, then shook his head and smiled. He got up and bowed to Su Ming before turning around, shaking his head, and leaving.

He understood now. Su Ming had indeed provided him with an explanation. As for the details, they would differ for each person.

When Su Ming entered isolation, the auction continued in the world outside and Dao Kong sat on the soft chair in his room as usual. In his hand was a wine cup, and as he watched the auction on the screen of light, he sipped at the wine.

The nine old men sat behind him, and all of them had their eyes shut, covering the white light that had shone within them when they had flown off in a rage earlier.

The beautiful woman was no longer in the form of a catwoman, but had turned into the shape of a delicate beauty. She knelt down beside Dao Kong as if she was terrified of him, and in her hands she held a pot of wine, occasionally filling up Dao Kong's cup.

"I need an explanation!" Xu Hui stated gloomily.

"Oh? What explanation do you need?"

When Dao Kong asked this in a light tone, a barely noticeable glint shone in his eyes, and he looked towards the woman by his side. Ever since she had entered the room with him, she had immediately put on this delicate appearance. The fear in her was not fake. She was truly afraid of him.

"That Relocation from the Sacred Constellation Robe. What happened when you were Relocated?" Xu Hui demanded again in a gloomy voice.

"Fellow Daoist Su from Black Ink Planet had a deal he wanted to form with me, and since it was not convenient for him to come to me directly, he used this method…" Dao Kong said languidly, but the moment those words left his lips, he immediately noticed the woman by his side freezing for a moment, then lifting her head to cast him a surprised glance.

In fact, some of the nine old men behind him also lifted their chins slightly.

Ripples immediately appeared from the space in front of him, and Xu Hui walked out from those ripples with a single step. She glared at Dao Kong, and hints of murderous aura as well as something strange appeared in her eyes.

"... because only with this method could he hold a secret talk with me," Dao Kong said flatly, his eyes narrowing slightly.

"Oh? What secret talk could that be?" Xu Hui asked once again.

"What secret talk..?"

Dao Kong lifted his head slightly, and a smile appeared on his face. He loosened his grip over the cup, and the cup in his hand plunged down, but before it fell, the woman by his side extended her hand to grab it. When Dao Kong aw this scene, the smile on his face grew wider. His right hand fell on the woman's face, and when he caressed it gently, the woman lowered her head. The surprise that appeared on her face previously also disappeared, replaced by obedience.

The couple old men behind him who had lifted their heads lowered them when they saw this scene.

In fact, even the focused glint in Xu Hui's eyes became different. She might look as she usually did, but the doubt in her heart had lessened due to Dao Kong's actions.

"Why should I tell you?" The ghost of a smile appeared on Dao Kong's face as his expression turned cold and he looked towards Xu Hui.

Xu Hui frowned. She greatly detested this sort of expression and tone Dao Kong used, but it was precisely this expression and tone that caused most of the doubt in her heart to disappear. With a cold harrumph, she fused into the air once again and disappeared.

Once Xu Hui disappeared, Dao Kong's gaze landed on the screen of light, the ghost of a smile still on his face; he was calm deep down in his heart.

He was not Dao Kong!

He was Su Ming!

Dao Kong's soul and mind had been Possessed by Su Ming. However, he would need some time to completely digest Dao Kong's memories, but it would not take too long. One month was enough.

At the moment Su Ming successfully Possessed Dao Kong, he could clearly sense how greatly Dao Kong's potential surpassed his, and more importantly, he could also vaguely sense the kismet gathered in Dao Kong's body.

This was the kismet of True Morning Dao World. With it around, this cultivation base clone could possess limitless growth.

'As the kismet on Ye Wang's body slowly disappears and eventually leaves him completely, this cultivation base clone of mine will have most of True Morning Dao World's kismet gather on him and because of that, this clone's potential… will reach an incredibly powerful state.

'Besides… my current status is that of Morning Dao Sect's direct descendant. Morning Dao Sect… I wonder how the grudge between us will erupt when I become the only young master in Morning Dao Sect in the future.'

Su Ming smiled. That smile was incredibly brilliant, but there was an incredibly strange and sinister feeling to it.

When the woman by his side saw that smile, her heart trembled, and she quickly lowered her head, simply allowing Su Ming to keep his right hand on her face, gently brushing her skin.

"This auction is boring and dull. Notify the warships in the galaxy. I want to leave by tomorrow," he said flatly as a glint appeared in his eyes.
