# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 907

As Su Ming spoke, the nine old men had calm expressions on their faces. Clearly, the men which were the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon did not manage to stir up much of their attention in terms of their levels of cultivation.

There was not much of a change of expression on the faces of the three thousand fearless warriors behind Su Ming either. However, there was a monstrous presence within them that burst forth from their bodies within an instant. It formed a great, mighty pressure that covered the entire Worldly Star Planet, especially on the men that were the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon.

At the same time, a glint appeared in the catwoman's eyes while she was beside Su Ming. Her ears instantly became sharper, and with one move, she instantly appeared beside the two men who were the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon with a speed so quick that it made Su Ming's pupils shrink slightly.

"Don't injure them. Capture them alive." Su Ming swung his arm and turned around to walk towards the sky. The nine old men followed after him, and the three thousand fearless warriors surrounded him.

The bald crane was taken aback. It had been too immersed in its act just now and ended up not noticing such a large amount of people appearing in the sky. At that moment, it was shocked by the mighty pressure, and when it lifted its head, immediately let out a loud screech.

Su Ming did not turn his head back to look. The bald crane should be taught a lesson, which was why Su Ming charged towards the sky with a relaxed expression while being surrounded by the people. When he flew out of the highest layer of wind in Black Ink Planet, he stood in the galaxy and saw the thirteen gigantic warships.

From the distance, these thirteen warships looked ferocious. They were entirely black, and there was a ghastly air coming from them. At the bow of the ship in the lead was a murderous aura. That murderous aura was gathered there and did not dissipate, but once it spread out, it would form a power that could destroy the world.

Each of the galactic warships from True Morning Dao World were incredibly precious. They were control Morning Dao Sect's control, and were gigantic Enchanted Vessels that could travel at the same speed as the ancient bronze swords from True Sacred Yin World.

Almost at the instant Su Ming saw the thirteen warships, hundreds of people immediately flew out together from the warships. There were men and women among them, and their expressions were all respectful as they wrapped their fists in their palms and bowed towards Su Ming.

"Welcome back, young master."

Su Ming smiled faintly. He did not speak, but took a huge step forward. When he was near the ships, he swept his gaze across them, and then, his eyes were fixed on the biggest ship among the thirteen. He walked towards it.

At the instant he stepped on the warship, the nine old men followed after him. As for the three thousand fearless warriors, they split up and went to the remaining warships.

On this warship that originally belonged to Dao Kong, Su Ming closed his eyes. He spread his divine sense to cover the entire warship, and after some time, he formed a conclusion based on Dao Kong's memories and gained an objective understanding of the warship.

At that moment, shrill cries travelled from the distance and became increasingly closer with each passing moment. Within the blink of an eye, those shrill cries echoed in the warship where Su Ming currently was.

"Damn it! Do you know who you've just captured?! I'm telling you, it's not good for you to offend me! How dare you capture me?! You're dead now! Just you wait!!

"Little boy Su will come save us!!"

Su Ming opened his eyes and looked at the beautiful woman. She had a man held in each of her hands. When she arrived on the warship, she let go of the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon, then stood beside Su Ming with her head lowered and with respect on her face.

"I'm telling you, your Grandpa Crane is seriously powerful! Y-y-you… Just you wait! Before long, you will all pay!" The bald crane bared its teeth and brandished its claws while speaking in a biting tone, but Su Ming, who was familiar with its actions, could tell that the bald crane was afraid.

The Abyss Dragon was silent beside it.

"If you know your place, then hurry up and send us back to Black Ink Planet, or else… heh heh, even if you're from True Morning Dao World, you won't be able to withstand little boy Su's fury!" The bald crane spoke once again with a shrill voice. It was currently incredibly frightened, and when it saw the cultivators around it all maintaining those aloof looks on their faces and were completely indifferent no matter how it threatened them, its heart began to tremble.

It would occasionally size up the handsome young man's face in front of it, and a myriad of thoughts raced in its head.

'Damn it, this person wasn't among the list of people I tricked in the past.'

'Why did he capture me? Could it be… Could it be that he's little boy Su's enemy? Ah… Su Ming, o Su Ming, you really brought a disaster on my head.' The bald crane did not have enough confidence its guess, but it still shouted loudly, as if it had a powerful background.

Su Ming smiled faintly. He looked at the bald crane continue making noise in front of him, then lifted his right hand slowly to swipe his palm across his storage bag gently, and immediately, a crystal appeared on his palm.

He threw the crystal on the ground.

The sound of the clear crystal falling on the ground was barely unnoticeable amid the bald crane's screeches… but almost at the instant the sound appeared, the bald crane's voice immediately died down, and its eyes were instantly fixed on the crystal. Then, it instinctively pounced on the crystal, and it was so fast that within an instant, it had already seized the crystal in its hand.

It also placed the crystal in its mouth and bit into it. Excitement and exhilaration appeared on its face.

"I lack two attendants by my side," Su Ming said flatly.

The bald crane immediately put away the crystal and looked at Su Ming before it struck its chest and spoke loudly.

"I-I'm-I'm willing to become your attendant, but you have to give me one crystal per day!" As it shouted, it even kicked the Abyss Dragon before it looked at Su Ming again.

"With him along, you have to give us two crystals per day!"

"Baldy!!" The man who was the Abyss Dragon glared at the bald crane. Just as it was about to speak, it was once again kicked twice by the bald crane. It was stunned. Being kicked twice was a signal they had formed between themselves.

The Abyss Dragon let out a harrumph and did not speak any longer.

"Alright, the two of you may leave now. Notify the other warships. We'll be heading… to Divine Essence Star Ocean." A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He said these words flatly and sat down cross-legged on the ship.

Su Ming's orders was a supreme, mighty pressure on the thirteen warships. As his voice travelled outwards, whistling sounds immediately shot forth from the thirteen warships after a moment before they changed their direction and moved past Black Ink Planet swiftly to head straight towards… Divine Essence Star Ocean, which was behind Black Ink Planet.

Even Xu Hui did not question Su Ming after a moment of hesitation. She did was not certain as to what exactly were Dao Kong's missions in Black Ink Planet. He thought that heading to Divine Essence Star Ocean was also one of Dao Kong's missions.

The thirteen warships heading out together in the galaxy. Waves were stirred up, and wherever they went, the galaxy would look like the surface of water, and ripples would appear.

Su Ming had his eyes shut as he remained seated with his legs crossed. He lifted his right hand and formed a seal before pushing his palm on the ship. An illusory screen of light immediately appeared around him. That screen of light spread outwards and fused with the air above him, forming an empty space with Su Ming at its center.

This was an Art possessed by the galactic warship. It could form a secret chamber that others would find difficult to enter. Only the master of the warships could do this, and since Su Ming Possessed Dao Kong, he could naturally do so.

He was the only one alone in the secret chamber, and all other people had been sent away. Even Xu Hui could not enter the secret chamber on the warship without a sound.

This was an area that offered absolute safety to Su Ming.

'With the bald crane's intelligence, it should have registered what is going on. There's no need for me to remind it, then.' As Su Ming's eyes closed and opened his eyes, a brilliant light shone briefly within them.

'Right now, the most important thing is for me to increase my level of cultivation.' A hint of anticipation appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He took a deep breath, and at the instant his eyes slowly fell shut, he immediately circulating his cultivation base.

Once he Possessed Dao Kong, Dao Kong's original cultivation base which existed in the body also became an illusion and no longer possessed corporeal form. Instead, as Dao Kong died, it also started dissipating.

In truth, Su Ming's level of cultivation still remained at Heaven Cultivation Realm.

However, with Dao Kong's potential and with the energy Su Ming had stored over the years, he had confidence that he could easily reach World Plane Realm.

Almost at the instant Su Ming closed his eyes and as if his cultivation base circulated with a bang, Su Ming's Ecang clone opened his eyes in Western Ring Nebula's foreign land. Waves of Divine Essence appeared on the Ecang clone, as if there was a connection between him and Su Ming's cultivation base clone even though they were separated by an immeasurable distance.

'To move to World Plane Realm, I will need to obtain the acknowledgement from a world and use the power of World Plane contained in that world to let me head into World Plane Realm.

'I don't have the chance to have a world to acknowledge me… but I don't need the other worlds' acknowledgement either. I have… my own Ecang world.

'Previously, due to the limits of my potential, I could not become a cultivator in World Plane Realm even after a long time had passed. But now, the limit due to my potential is no longer around, and I… will step into World Plane Realm!' A brilliant light shone in Su Ming's eyes. He formed a seal and placed his hands on his knees. Once he sucked in a deep breath, he slowly closed his eyes.

At the instant he closed his eyes, the Ecang world where his Ecang clone was instantly bubble with excitement. The power of Divine Essence filled the worlds, and since Su Ming had originally left a Brand of his soul in the place, almost within an instant, dense waves of World Plane power were separated from the Divine Essence in those one hundred thousand worlds.

The Brand from Su Ming's soul was contained in this World Plane power. As they bubbled with excitement, they stirred up the presence within Su Ming's cultivation base clone, causing Su Ming, who had his eyes shut in the warship, to have his level of cultivation increase exponentially with a bang.

Bang!

Intense bangs echoed in Su Ming's head. That was the impact from a cultivator from Heaven Cultivation Realm trying to reach World Plane Realm. Just one impact alone was enough to cause Su Ming's body to tremble viciously. Within an instant, his cultivation base within him increased by several times its original amount, and from the peak of Heaven Cultivation Realm, he moved swiftly into the initial stage of World Plane Realm.

Once he entered World Plane Realm, Su Ming's Atman instantly grew several times in size. A feeling as if he had been enlightened and as if he could somewhat fuse with the galaxy immediately appeared in Su Ming's heart.

This feeling was something he had never experienced before. Right then, as it appeared for the first time, he could not help but be immersed in it.

"I have finally… reached a breakthrough and headed into World Plane Realm," Su Ming mumbled. His physical body might be incredibly strong and his Ecang clone might be far stronger than the clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole, but due to his potential, his cultivation base could not hope to compare to them.

Yet now, he could sense the power of World Plane Realm. In fact, he sensed that as his power increased, his soul also seemed to be largely different from before.

"I should be able to continue increasing my power." Su Ming opened his eyes slightly. The profound look in his eyes made him seem as if the universe was contained within them. He mumbled softly and circulated his cultivation base once again to stir up the worlds where his Ecang clone was located. As his cultivation base circulated repeatedly within him, he attempted to reach the middle stage of World Plane Realm.

Rising abruptly in power due to accumulated strength. At that moment, this phrase was an apt description for Su Ming.
