# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 909

The screen of light shattered, and Su Ming's figure which was sitting cross-legged inside was revealed to the world. It could be clearly seen that his body was entirely red at that moment, and there were veins on his skin. His body kept trembling, and his face was twisted, as if he was enduring great pain.

A heavy, fragrant scent spread out from Su Ming's trembling body, and that fragrance was so strong that it swiftly spread outwards once the screen of light shattered. The ferocious beast that was letting out wails that sounded like an infant's cries was instantly attracted by it.

That fragrance was enough to stir up the madness that existed in the ancient blood coursing through all ferocious beasts.

And the fragrance had only spread out just then. If it was given more time, then ferocious beasts from all over the place would come rushing over.

In fact, once the cultivators on the thirteen warships smelled that fragrance, their cultivation bases started circulating rapidly due to the stimulation. They felt like with each breath they inhaled, their cultivation bases increased.

This scene caused their hearts to tremble, and it did not matter whether it was the nine old men or the hidden Xu Hui, all of them looked swiftly towards Su Ming. Their expressions might be different, but there was shock and bewilderment in their hearts right then.

"The Waves of Tears from Star Ocean!"

As the wails from the infant echoed in the air and the fog tumbled about in the distance, dark light shone on the thirteen warships. The catwoman's pupils shrank, and she instantly spoke in a hurried tone with a flushed face. The effect of the fragrance from Su Ming was mild to cultivators compared to ferocious beasts. To them, the stimulation was much greater.

And as a catwoman, the young woman was caught in a state between that of a human and a creature; the fragrance from Su Ming was strong enough to leave her muddled. At that moment, she bit down on her tongue, and only that allowed her to clear her mind.

"This creature is a strange spirit that lives in the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean, but it is incredibly docile. It usually doesn't attack those who pass by, but why would it… today…" At the instant the catwoman spoke, the sound of a baby crying reached them with a bang. This time, it was at a volume that was several times stronger than before.

The sound was piercing, and when it came towards them from the fog in the distance, a large numerous waves rose up in the galaxy, as if the sound had turned into waves that were tumbling through the sea.

Out of the twelve warships protecting Su Ming's ships, three faced the Waves of Tears. Almost at the instant the piercing sound that left their ears ringing reached them, the three warships started inclining and were forced back by the impact.

"Its voice is like waves, and its wails can make it seem as if it can turn the galaxy into an ocean. As its voice tumbles about, the waves of sound can submerge space. This… This is the Waves of Tears, the creature that exists in the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean." The catwoman's face was slightly pale as she swiftly explained all she knew.

Once the woman finished speaking, one of the nine old man ordered in a ghastly voice, "Notify all warships and activate our strongest divine abilities at the same time. We will… shoot this creature down!"

"Sect Elder, you must not. This creature is not one that travels alone. It loves staying in the company of others of its kind. Once we attack, we might bring the other Waves of Tears to us, and at that time…" The catwoman quickly stopped him.

Before the old man could speak again, Xu Hui's solemn voice interrupted him. "We will move past that creature."

Until Su Ming regained consciousness, her voice was the highest ranking one in this group of people. Even the nine old men could only obey.

While protecting Su Ming, the warships slowly moved forward, intending to circle around the region and avoid the Waves of Tears.

Yet at the instant the thirteen warships were about to skirt past the creature, its shrill infant wail rose into the air once again. This time, the tumbling fog swiftly spread out, and from its previous size, which was ten thousand feet wide, it grew to nearly fifty thousand feet wide. It was also moving in the direction… of the thirteen warships.

The creature was preventing the thirteen warships from leaving. The sharp wails that stirred up the waves in the galaxy also seemed to possess the Waves of Tears' will to charge towards them from all directions like a tidal wave.

"You're just courting death!" The old man who had spoken just then might have his eyes shut, but when his cold voice echoed in space, it reached all the other thirteen warships. "Activate your strongest Arts and shoot the beast down!"

Since the Waves of Tears' animosity was so obvious, running away from it would not solve the problem, which was why when the old man spoke this time, Xu Hui did not stop him.

Almost at the instant the old man's words spread through the thirteen warships, the dark light in them grew brighter. When it grew so bright that it was dazzling, the bows of the thirteen warships swiftly sucked away all that dark light, as if there was a vortex contained there.

Bang!

A shocking loud bang echoed through the galaxy. Thirteen huge black pillars of light shot out from the thirteen warships, and with an astonishing presence, they swiftly burst forth. The thirteen pillars of light were like thirteen sharp arrows and instantly sliced through the galaxy, stirring up waves that surged up to the heavens. They crashed against the waves of sound formed by the piercing wail from the Waves of Tears.

Right before everyone's eyes, the thirteen pillars of light sliced through the air and crashed into the fog that was still expanding endlessly. However… just like a stone falling into the ocean, they were devoured by the fog, and not a single one of them could be seen anymore.

This scene landed in the eyes of those from Morning Dao Sect, but their expressions remained the same, and not much changes could be detected on them. In fact, a cold sneer even appeared on the nine elders' lips.

Almost at the instant those sneers appeared, a loud bang that drowned out all other sounds erupted from the fog.

In the mid of that noise, the fog fell apart. As parts of it tumbled outwards, the entire creature disintegrated.

However, at that moment, the sound a of baby crying surged into the sky from the fog that was falling apart. Monkey-like creatures that were only about one hundred feet big shot out and charged towards the ships in a swarm.

The massive Waves of Tears continued screeching nonstop. Once any of the monkey-like creatures rushed out, they would swiftly be surrounded by the fog, turning indistinct. This scene brought a great shock to the people from Morning Dao Sect.

This shock then turned into a tremor, and they felt their skins crawl.

This was because in the distance, ten more huge balls of fog appeared. The sounds of babies crying rose and fell… and farther into the distance, the group saw a meteor that was charging over at them!

The meteor was dark red, and underneath it were countless Waves of Tears that were around a thousand feet big. They were charging towards them while roaring and looking as if they were carrying the meteor.

In fact… on that meteor was a Waves of Tears that was one hundred thousand feet big. Its eyes were bloodshot and filled with greed. Its roars drowned out all the other sounds made by the other creatures.

"Activate full speed! Leave in haste!" Xu Hui could no longer remain calm, and her voice echoed in the air. In an instant, the thirteen warships let out huge booming sounds and turned into thirteen long arcs that charged into the distance.

However, right behind them were countless Waves of Tears that were charging right after.

"Damn monkeys! I hate monkeys the most!" The bald crane poked its head out from its room, and once it cast a glance at the endless Waves of Tears, it immediately shuddered and began gnashing its teeth in anger.

"Monkeys are the worst— Hmm? Why I do I feel as if I had a grudge against them in the past? Mm… Ah, I don't care, no matter what it is, monkeys are the worst." As it mumbled, it suddenly sniffed the air and looked towards Su Ming. Surprise appeared on its face.

"This fragrance… is familiar, very familiar. I seem to have eaten it in the past…"

As the bald crane was caught by surprise, the Abyss Dragon was already trembling next to it. With excitement on its face, it started circulating its cultivation base. It could clearly sense that its fragmented cultivation base was starting to show signs of recovery due to the stimulation by the fragrance.

Booming sounds echoed in the area around them. The Waves of Tears numbered to no less than several hundreds of thousands. This alone was enough to shake all cultivators. Unless they had a powerful warrior in Solar Kalpa Realm, it would be impossible for them to fight against that horde.

In fact, perhaps even a cultivator in Solar Kalpa Realm would find it hard to maintain his composure in the face of this swarm of Waves of Tears. After all, the mighty pressure coming from the Waves of Tears that was a hundred thousand feet big was powerful enough to intimidate all living things.

Su Ming was completely unaware of the danger the group faced at the moment. Right then, he was circulating all his cultivation base and continuously melting the God Ascension Nectar in his blood. As he circulated his cultivation base, each cycle he completed would cause booming sound in his body and make him tremble even harder. In fact, he even had a feeling like his soul was about to scatter.

This was… the effect of just a tiny bit of God Ascension Nectar, but even if there was only a tiny bit of it, it was already almost unbearable for Su Ming. If it was not because his Ecang clone was still providing for his soul and was guiding his cultivation base to circulate in his body to digest the nectar, then Su Ming's body would have already exploded.

Serendipity had no form, and it was difficult to get a clear grasp of it. This God Ascension Nectar delivered a great impact to all other life forms in the universe, but to the poisonous wasp, it was not the case. It could keep that God Ascension Nectar in its body without any danger. The nectar fused with its poison, but did not increase its offensive abilities. In fact, it did not have much of an effect to its poison either.

It was just like that poison. To the other living creatures, it was poison, but to the wasp itself, that poison brought no harm.

Su Ming's cultivation base was increasing swiftly as he continued melting the God Ascension Nectar. He had broken the wall that was the initial stage of World Plane Realm, and now that his cultivation based was still increasing, he was heading swiftly towards attain completion in the middle stage of World Plane Realm.

However… by then, he had only melted less than a three-tenths of that tiny bit of God Ascension Nectar in his body, yet he could sense that he had already reached his limit.

His soul could no longer continue, and his body was already finding it difficult to continue melting that nectar. His potential in the path of cultivation was even showing signs of being destroyed under the impact.

'God Ascension Nectar… God Ascension Power… This tiny bit in my body is just a small portion of the God Ascension Nectar in the poisonous wasp's body, but I can't even melt all of this tiny bit. I need to get used to it for some time before I'll be able to try again. If that is the case, then the God Ascension Nectar that still in my body will no longer be a serendipity, but become a fatal poison!'

Su Ming opened his eyes with great difficulty. The Divine Essence Runic Symbols on his Sacred Constellation Robe rose and fell, and this was a sign that he was using the power of Divine Essence to suppress the God Ascension Nectar.

At the instant he opened his eyes, he saw the endless Waves of Tears behind him, the solemn expressions on the faces of all those around him, and heard the screeches that traveled through the entire galaxy.

He also smelled the thick, fragrant scent coming from his body.
