# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 910

Su Ming's gaze changed. The unfocused look in his pupils disappeared, replaced by a brilliant light that shone in all directions. His expression immediately became dark. Based on his experience, he naturally understood why his warship had made these ferocious beasts mad in this galaxy.

This was clearly due to the fragrance coming from his body. After all, this fragrance… came from the God Ascension Nectar!

By then, Su Ming had only melted three-tenths of the God Ascension Nectar in his body. There was still more than half of it left in him because his body could not endure it. If he left it in his body, it would no longer be a serendipity, but would become a fatal poison.

This was why he could no longer continue circulating his cultivation base and melt it. Even though it would be a pity, he had to let it all out from his body. As his expression turned dark, a hint of determination shone in his eyes.

'I miscalculated this time. I thought I could absorb the God Ascension Nectar if I only took a bit out… but by the looks of it, it's not something I can melt even if it's just a litt…' Su Ming sighed.

At that moment, the swarm of Waves of Tears that were chasing after the thirteen warships let out increasingly more piercing roars. As the balls of fog charged forward, they fused together, becoming bigger, and their speed also increased exponentially.

It became so quick in fact that it became faster than the warships, and like a bolt of lightning, it charged towards them.

There were three balls of fog with this speed.

Each of them was nearly seventy thousand feet big, and as they charged forward, they looked like dark clouds gathering over the group's head. In an instant, the thirteen warships were enveloped.

"Activate the warships' divine ability, attack the fog in the middle!" Su Ming said in a dark tone without moving from his position. "Xu Hui, fog on the right. Nine Frail Darknesses, I will allow you to open your eyes for a while, attack the fog on the left!"

Su Ming did not say the three sentences quickly, but once they were voiced, the thirteen warships immediately turned around in one motion. The dark light at their bows grew to a blinding degree, and with a bang, thirteen pillars of light charged towards the fog that was the Waves of Tears in the middle.

Soon after, Xu Hui, who was hidden in the air, let out a cold harrumph. She might be displeased with Su Ming speaking to her in an authoritative tone, but she knew that this was not the time to refuse his request. Murderous aura shone in her long and narrow eyes, and she appeared near the ball of fog to her right. When she lifted her right hand, sixteen figures that looked exactly like her appeared behind her and struck with their palms in unison.

At the instant booming sounds reverberated in the air, all of the nine old men opened their eyes slightly in the direction of the ball of fog to the left, revealing a very distinct white light in the dark galaxy. These nine old men growled at the same time, lifted their right hands, and pointed at the fog.

Loud booms rose and fell as they reverberated in the air. The three balls of fog formed by the Waves of Tears instantly disintegrated and fell back in the midst of these bangs. At the same time as the balls of fog fell apart, nearly ten thousand Waves of Tears charged out from the scattered fog. Their shrill voices spread out in all directions, and they swiftly rushed towards Su Ming.

Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes. He saw the Waves of Tears staring at him, and the greed as well as madness in their eyes was enough proof to tell him that his previous guess had been correct—the ferocious beasts had been attracted by the fragrance of the God Ascension Nectar. Once he verified this point of view, he knew that there was little time for him left.

If the God Ascension Nectar could make these Waves of Tears go wild, then it would definitely make other ferocious beasts go mad as well. However, this region belonged to the Waves of Tears, which was why there were no other ferocious beasts around, but if this continued for too long, then the fragrance from the God Ascension Nectar would continue spreading and would definitely attract more ferocious beasts. At that time, Su Ming and his group would all die.

"Charge ahead at full speed. All hands, heed my words, do not leave the warship. Resist the ferocious beasts on your own ships," Su Ming said in a low voice as his eyes shone. He had noticed some hints about these Waves of Tears when he observed them just then.

Fog was their protection, and it was an incredibly powerful one. It could withstand a full-powered strike from a cultivator in Lunar Kalpa Realm. Only by destroying that fog could they truly attack these Waves of Tears, since the beasts would need time to gather that fog around themselves again.

During the time they did not have the fog's protection, the combat abilities of Waves of Tears would be the same as cultivators in Earth Cultivation Realm. However, since their numbers were so great, it was difficult to kill all of them swiftly.

Yet similarly, the thirteen pillars of light, which were the strongest power of the thirteen warships, also needed time to be activated. Because of that, there was a gap in time until the pillars of light could fire their next charge, and by then, the fog would have already gathered around the Waves of Tears once more.

On top of that, not all Waves of Tears were equivalent to cultivators in Earth Cultivation Realm. Some of them were seven to eight hundred feet tall, and they could bring forth power equivalent to those in Heaven Cultivation Realm.

There were also some who were more a thousand feet tall. Their offensive abilities were on equal grounds of people in the initial stage of World Plane Realm, and there were more than a few of them around.

This could only happen in Divine Essence Star Ocean; it would be hard to see such swarms anywhere else, and they were made of ferocious beasts with levels of cultivation that could shock others. In fact, Su Ming could even see some Waves of Tears that were ten thousand feet away in the distance whose mighty pressure was on that belonged to cultivators in the middle stage of World Plane Realm.

The most shocking one was the hundred thousand feet tall Wave of Tears sitting on the meteor situated farthest from them. That beast's eyes were shining with a red light. It possessed intelligence, and the mighty pressure spreading out from it… was the might of heaven that could only be formed by monsters in Solar Kalpa Realm.

That beast was covered in fiery red fur, and it was clearly different from the other Waves of Tears. The relaxed look on its face also gave others a feeling that they were facing off against a cultivator.

There were four Waves of Tears that were eighty thousand something feet tall around that beast. These four beats were clearly very old, but based on their presence, he could tell that they were… at the peak of the later stage of World Plane Realm!

With these five Waves of Tears around, most of the cultivators in the universe would be shocked and terrified. Based on this, it could be seen that there was a reason why Divine Essence Star Ocean was known as the forbidden grounds.

And this was only the area near the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean. Su Ming's group had not yet even stepped into the danger zone. If they had, then there might be even more swarms of creatures like these, and there would also be those mysterious and enigmatic tribes of the alien races as well.

Those tribes had lived in Divine Essence Star Ocean for countless years, and survived alongside the alien creatures without getting destroyed, which could only mean that they something to support them and had their own areas which brought fear in others.

At that moment, Su Ming finally sensed how mysterious and powerful Divine Essence Star Ocean was. The swarm of Waves of Tears this time also left a powerful impression on his mind.

Su Ming's face turned dark. He knew that he had been reckless this time. As he sighed, he turned to face the Waves of Tears pouncing on him. Killing intent shone in his eyes. Shrill roars rose in the air, and the booming sounds from divine abilities reverberated in the galaxy.

There were thirteen warships, and each one was filled with around a thousand Waves of Tears. They were all fighting in a frenzy against hundreds of cultivators. The creatures had already gone mad, wanting to kill the cultivators without a care for anything. Su Ming even saw that when a cultivator died, a group of Waves of Tears would immediately pounce on the body, ripping and biting into the flesh as if looking for something there.

When Su Ming saw this, he instantly understood. The fragrance that came from the God Ascension Nectar in his body must have entered everyone's bodies once they inhaled it, but they could not immediately melt it, which was why some of it still remained in them, and this remnant was the source that caused the Waves of Tears to go mad.

The number of Waves of Tears on Su Ming's warship was the smallest, because his warship was protected by the others. If the beasts wanted to come in, they had to destroy the warships around him.

The battle instantly reached an intense state. Many Waves of Tears died, but their numbers were endless, and in fact, another four balls of fog that were seventy thousand something feet big were charging towards them from the distance.

There were hundreds of Waves of Tears that were one thousand feet big, several dozens of them that were ten thousand feet big, and even a gigantic one that was around fifty thousand feet big and possessed power equivalent to those in the later stage of World Plane Realm. They were all roaring while charging over.

"Young master, we are in a life-and-death situation right now. Please use your full power to activate the warship and leave. We are willing to give up our lives to buy time for you."

"Young master, please leave!"

Voices saying such things were continuously coming into Su Ming's ears from the warships around him. The fearless warriors from Morning Dao Sect were ready give up their lives for him. In fact, the value of their existence was to protect the direct descendants of Morning Dao Sect.

"Young master…" The nine old men beside Su Ming hesitated for a while before they looked at him.

The catwoman fell silent and waited for Su Ming's choice by his side. With her understanding towards Dao Kong, she knew that he would choose to leave. As for her… she might be taken away, but if they ran into a danger they could not solve again, then it was certain that he would sacrifice her.

Xu Hui cast Su Ming a cold glance and let out a cold snort in her heart. With how much of a farce Dao Kong was, he would definitely pretend not to run first, but if it became more dangerous, he would choose to take some people and run.

The sounds of battle echoed in the air, and the whistling sounds that came as the Waves of Tears charged forth were getting closer. The warships might be fast, but there were numerous beasts that were fighting against the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect at the moment, so the Enchanted Vessels' speed was becoming increasingly slower.

"Why should I leave?" Su Ming asked flatly. When he said these words, Xu Hui immediately laughed coldly, and her expression grew more disdainful and filled up with hate.

"Nine seniors of mine, you do not need to protect me, spread out and fend against the enemies! Xu Hui, if you have time to laugh coldly, then you have the time to let one less of my subordinates die! And you, change into your fastest form; otherwise, why should I keep you around?!"

Su Ming swept his gaze across everyone he mentioned. The nine old men lowered their heads and swiftly spread out, scattering among the warships, then executed their full strength to fight against the Waves of Tears.

Xu Hui still had a cold sneer on her face, but she did not refuse to obey his orders and joined the fight against the Waves of Tears.

As for the catwoman, she lowered her head and voiced her obedience. When she rose up, her head immediately became long and pointed. With a single move, she disappeared without a trace. She traveled so fast that she was swimming around the twelve warships. Wherever she went, blood would spill from the Waves of Tears, and shrill screams of pain would echo in the air.

Su Ming stood up. At the instant a glint appeared in his eyes, the Duke of Crimson Flame's totem manifested on his right arm underneath his sleeve.

"Duke of Crimson Flame, shift with me!" At the instant he sent his thought, his body disappeared, and when he appeared, he was beside the four balls of fog that belonged to the Waves of Tears in the distance.

His act of shifting shocked the cultivators from Morning Dao World, and anxiousness filled them, especially the nine old men. Their hearts trembled, and even Xu Hui was clearly stunned. She had not expected that Dao Kong would truly not run away… but choose to fight against the beasts personally.

'I will definitely not run away from the trouble I caused.'

Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes, and a large wave of the fragrance from the God Ascension Nectar spilled out from his body, because of which the Waves of Tears became even more crazed. Quite a large number of them on the warships even turned around and charged back towards him with piercing roars.

Su Ming lifted his right hand. The reason behind why the fragrance from the God Ascension Nectar had become so thick was because when he had circulated his cultivation base this time, he had abstained from melting God Ascension Nectar and used the simplest method to force it out of his body, which was by a windstorm that would purge the universe.

The power of the God Ascension Nectar was a serendipity, but once it was set aflame, it would turn into a bloodbath.
