# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 911

In an instant, Su Ming was surrounded by countless Waves of Tears which roared in piercing voices. It sounded like they could penetrate the galaxy as they echoed in all directions.

In fact, there were even some of Waves of Tears that were one thousand something feet big. With madness as well as greed, they pounced on Su Ming.

"Fool!" Xu Hui's expression changed, and without any hesitation, she intended to shift to save him. She knew that with his power, he could perhaps last for a while, but Dao Kong, who had not lived through much bloodshed and had not gone through many life-and-death situations was like a flower kept and protected in a house. He would definitely wilt and die when faced with a chilling wind.

She was also certain that Su Ming's actions were due to a moment of impulse. This was not something Dao Kong would do normally, but it could come from a moment of hot-bloodedness. She might be calling him a fool from anger, but deep in her heart, her feelings towards him had changed slightly, but only in a barely noticeable manner.

The nine old men also sported drastic changes in their expressions. They immediately shifted, but the catwoman was even faster than they were. Almost at the moment Su Ming was surrounded by the Waves of Tears, she charged forth at full speed and appeared right in the mid of the swarm.

"Young master…" Once the catwoman appeared, she spoke anxiously, but just as she was about to break free of the encirclement with Su Ming, her voice died in her throat.

She saw Su Ming, but there was not a hint of panic on his face. He looked as sullen as ever, but there was calm underneath it. He allowed the Waves of Tears to surround him, allowed them to pounce on him and use their sharp claws to tear into him, as if he wanted his body to be torn apart.

But this was not the reason behind the catwoman's words dying in her mouth. The real reason was that when the Waves of Tears tore at Su Ming with their sharp claws which could rip apart a cultivator's body, there was a sound like they had hit bronze. The beasts could only scream at that moment.

Their claws cracked, making it seem like the amount of force they used to tear into Su Ming was the exact same force that rebounded back at them, and due to it, their claws shattered.

It was as if the resilience of Su Ming's physical body was a wall that their claws could not tear apart.

A Wave of Tears that was one thousand feet big got close to him with a roar. Its body was huge, compared to which Su Ming looked like an ant. That one hundred thousand feet Wave of Tears also used its sharp claws, which were the size of Su Ming whole, to tear at its prey.

Only the catwoman who had rushed into the swarm of Waves of Tears saw this, no one else. At the instant the catwoman's pupils shrank, Su Ming lifted his head, and the cold sneer on his lips became even colder. The killing intent in his eyes seemed to be able to stir up the galaxy around him, filling the area with a biting chill.

Bang!

Su Ming did not dodge, simply allowing the one thousand feet Wave of Tears to strike him with its claws, and the catwoman was left speechless.

The ferocious expression on the Wave of Tears' face turned into one of momentary shock, and veins popped up on its face. It had used its greatest strength, but much to its astonishment, it could not crush this seemingly weak cultivator. It was as if it had not grabbed a cultivator, but a freezing rock that could not be damaged at all.

What caused its roars to freeze as well was Su Ming slowly lifting his hands.

What he was doing was not the simple act of lifting his hands, because he had only started lifting his hands once that gigantic claw seized his body. His movement slowly unfurled the giant hand from around him, and it was something the one thousand feet Wave of Tears could not control. It was as if… Su Ming's strength had already surpassed that of the gigantic beast.

After Su Ming pushed open the Wave of Tears' fingers one by one, he clenched his right fist and punched the sharp claws in front of him.

A loud bang sounded in space, and the one thousand feet Wave of Tears trembled furiously. The frenzied look on its face instantly turned into fear when its claws were shattered. But the damage didn't stop there, it continued spreading up to its right arm, upper body, and then through all of its being. The Wave of Tears let out a shrill roar and then shattered with a bang.

At the instant this happened, a light blue light floated out of its body, lighting up the entire area. When Su Ming took notice of it, his body trembled.

A strange light instantly shone in his eyes. His expression changed, and that was because at the moment he saw that light blue glow… the black fragment that had always been with him, hidden in his soul, the fragment which was known as the Seed of Life Extermination by Ecang and which had not shown any other uses for a long time, suddenly released a wave of heat.

All the clones sensed that heat at the same time, as well as how it created a faint suction forced to suck in the light blue glow.

Su Ming was not unfamiliar with this feeling. It was… the exact same feeling as when he had entered the dimension in the fragment when he had been in Dark Mountain all those years ago.

His heart could not help but tremble fiercely. He had opened a couple doors within the fragment's dimension, but there were still plenty of them that he could not open, for he did not have sufficient medicinal pills required to open the next door. This had stopped him from progressing many years ago.

It was not that Su Ming did not have the materials to create them, but as his level of cultivation rose and as he experienced more things, he had very little time to calm down and create those medicinal pills.

A light swiftly shone in Su Ming's eyes. The thing that caused this suction force to appear from his black stone fragment and even gave him the feeling that he would only get when he entered the fragment's dimension stirred up a great amount of interest within Su Ming. He had a feeling that his stone fragment… would have a great change due to the swarm of creatures around him.

A brilliant light shone in Su Ming's eyes. However, once the one thousand feet Waves of Tears died and the light blue glow appeared, Su Ming was not the only one who noticed it. All of the Waves of Tears looked like they had gone mad. As they roared, they even gave up on the idea of surrounding Su Ming and attacking him. Instead, they charged towards that light blue glow.

It was as if that light blue glow was even more attractive and important than the God Ascension Nectar, or perhaps it would be more accurate to say… that this thing was more suitable for their kind.

This scene did not only make Su Ming's pupils constrict, but the catwoman also instinctively looked over. It was also at this moment that Xu Hui and the nine old men shifted over.

They saw at the same time that a Wave of Tears that was one hundred feet tall was standing closest to the light blue glow among the numerous Waves of Tears. It pounced on that glow recklessly, and it immediately fused with its body. In an instant, that Wave of Tears roared at the sky, and blood gushed out of its body. That was… due to its body being torn apart as its blood and flesh increased at a mad pace.

The creature's roars were filled with pain as its body expanded right before everyone's eyes. When it became one thousand feet tall… it jumped from possessing the offensive abilities of a cultivator of Earth Cultivation Realm to someone who could fight against a cultivator in the initial stage of World Plane Realm.

Its eyes were bloodshot. When it turned its gaze towards Su Ming, monstrous hate appeared there. Based on the emotion that flashed in its eyes just then… it actually somewhat resembled the Wave of Tears who had died moments before.

Roar!

The one thousand feet Wave of Tears roared at Su Ming, but it did not charge towards him. Instead, it retreated, charging backwards as if it was fleeing, wanting to be far away from this place.

"It's the first time I saw a method of inheritance like this." When he saw that the one thousand feet Wave of Tears wanted to flee, a faint glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes, and he chased after it.

The other Waves of Tears around spread out then and charged after Su Ming and the group with furious roars, as if the scene just now was something they were already used to and did not care.

Quite a number of Waves of Tears that were less than one thousand feet big had died recently, but the faint blue glow did not exist in their bodies. Only the one thousand feet Wave of Tears possessed that glow which made the other Waves of Tears descend into madness.

Su Ming's pupils constricted slightly, but he did not say anything about it. Instead, he took a step forward, and in an instant, he appeared right beside the fleeing one thousand feet Wave of Tears. He lifted his right hand again, and killing intent shone in his eyes. He forced out a little more of the God Ascension Nectar's power in his body.

A loud bang resounded in space. The one thousand feet Wave of Tears roared and turned its head as Su Ming struck it through space with his palm. Madness appeared on its face, but even if it had obtained the inheritance with that strange method, it still could not avoid the strike which possessed the power of God Ascension Nectar.

The one thousand feet Wave of Tears shuddered. Its body disintegrated and collapsed within an instant due to the wind brought by the palm strike. Then, another faint blue glow floated out of its body.

Before the other Waves of Tears could pounce on it, Su Ming's eyes sparkled. He moved and appeared right beside the faint blue glow, and seized it.

The one hundred thousand feet Wave of Tears on the meteor in the distance had a hint of a cold sneer on its lips. Clearly, it believed that the faint blue glow was not something a cultivator could control, but was instead something only the Waves of Tears could absorb.

In fact, based on what it could remember, there had been quite a number of cultivators who had gone after the Waves of Tears' inheritance, but all of them had their bodies and spirits destroyed once they completely absorbed it. There was no exception to this.

Because of this, at the instant Su Ming touched the glow, the one hundred thousand feet Wave of Tears' mouth curled up into an even more prominent sneer.

Yet immediately after, a strange change occurred!

The faint blue glow in Su Ming's hand was absorbed into his body, and a focused light appeared in his eyes. He could clearly sense that the heat spreading out from the black stone fragment was so strong that it seemed as if it could burn his soul.
