# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 914

A hint of determination appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He had lived with plenty of complications in his life and went through plenty of life-and-death situations, but after every single trial and crisis, he had also received serendipities that far surpassed what other people obtained.

It did not matter whether it was his Ecang clone or the transformation in the black stone fragment. Either one of them alone was already enough to have him stand proudly and laugh at the universe, yet Su Ming had obtained both of them at the same time. It could be said that these two had opened a wide path for his future.

Su Ming sat down cross-legged and meditated. Several hours later, he moved his right hand from the Wave of Tears in front of him. The creature might not be moving, but the instant Su Ming lifted his right hand, it turned into ashes and scattered away.

Su Ming remained silent for a short while before pointing at the net with his right hand. Another Wave of Tears appeared in front of him, and with the same method, Su Ming continued his process of understanding the structure of life within Waves of Tears.

Time trickled by slowly. Under the continuous process of observing and understanding, Su Ming forgot about time. He only vaguely remembered that there tens of thousands of Waves of Tears had been reduced to ashes as he investigated them.

A picture slowly drew itself in Su Ming's mind. That picture was mainly an outline, and from its shape, it could be seen that this was the image of a Wave of Tears.

Su Ming closed his eyes. This time, he fell into pensive silence for several months. When he opened his eyes again, he caught another Wave of Tears. As his eyes sparkled, he drew a line over it with his right hand, and its body was instantly cut open. He seized one bone and started examining it to get a feel for it.

He did not know how much time had passed. When nearly a third of the hundreds of thousands of Waves of Tears were reduced to ashes, a complete skeletal frame appeared in the outline of the Wave of Tears in Su Ming's mind.

This skeletal frame was the perfect set of bones that Su Ming concluded was the one that fit all Waves of Tears after observing tens of thousands of them.

With the contour and the bones done, next would be the nerves and the blood vessels. Su Ming calmed his heart and mind, then immersed himself in researching the body structure of Waves of Tears, ceaselessly examining how their nerves and blood vessels were arranged. From tens of thousands of test subjects, he found the slight differences between them and also their similarities.

In time, the contour of the Wave of Tears in Su Ming's mind possessed not only bones, but also thin threads of green and red that were intersecting with each other. These thin threads went through every single spot within the Wave of Tears' contour and formed a more complete picture of the creature.

Once Su Ming finished doing this, he sensed a feeling of ancientness, and it rose from his heart. This was due to him spending an unknown amount of time on his research. Even though Su Ming had deduced that time did not move in this place, his heart was still beating. Because of that, even though he was in this dimension where time was frozen, he still gained an ancient presence.

'It now has shape, bones, and also nerves. What it lacks is… flesh and blood.'

A glint appeared in his eyes, and he immersed himself in understanding the flesh and blood of Waves of Tears. There weren't that many creatures left in the net, but for the moment, it was enough. After around ten hundred thousand something Waves of Tears were reduced to ashes in Su Ming's hands, a complete picture appeared in his head.

This beast had form, flesh and blood, bones, and nerves. The picture was a detailed description of Waves of Tears Su Ming compiled after years of research which resulted in the deaths of a hundred thousand something Waves of Tears.

At that moment, it could be said that Su Ming's understanding regarding Waves of Tears was even greater than what these creatures understood of themselves. He knew every single thing about their bodies, no matter whether it was a small detail or an overall view. He also understood where this creature stood in the pyramid of life like the back of his hand.

Once one hundred thousand something Waves of Tears were destroyed, a slight presence that was hard to describe and could only be sensed by Waves of Tears appeared about him. Due to it, they would see him as a natural enemy, since this presence was a murderous aura that gathered about him when one hundred thousand something Waves of Tears had died in his hands. Once Su Ming completely understood Waves of Tears, that knowledge became a force that came from within his heart!

At that moment, all the Waves of Tears in Su Ming's eyes, no matter how big they were, were completely transparent.

When he lifted his right hand and another Wave of Tears appeared in front of him, he lifted a finger and gently tapped the spot three inches below the Wave of Tears' chest.

With that one top, the Wave of Tears trembled. Su Ming did not lift his finger, but drew a line downwards, then had it move through the entire Wave of Tears' body. He did not use too much of his power, but at the instant he lifted his right hand, the Wave of Tears fell down. The creature seemed normal when that happened, but in truth, all the blood vessels in its body had completely dried up and withered.

This was not done due to Su Ming's divine ability, but from his understanding towards Waves of Tears. Because of his knowledge, they were so frail to him that they could not withstand a single blow.

In reality, he just needed to cast a glance at a Wave of Tears, and he would immediately see all its blood, flesh, bones, and nerves. Not a single one would remain a secret from him.

It could be said that if Su Ming left this place at this moment and appeared outside in the galaxy, then in the face of the Waves of Tears that came to him in madness and greed, he could teach them who their natural enemy was and the definition of fear.

"I don't know how much time I've spent to be able to do this, but when that old man pushed his palm down on the Wave of Tears, he had clearly reached this level," Su Ming mumbled quietly after remaining silent for a moment.

"He understood the Wave of Tears' structure completely, and that's why he could create the Decaying Spirit Core that could exterminate this race from these medicinal pills."

A slightly freezing glare shone in Su Ming's eyes. If this dimension's time was frozen, then it also meant that the world outside was still the same as before he left. In other words, the one hundred thousand something Waves of Tears were still around.

Su Ming wanted to create the Decaying Spirit Core that targeted Waves of Tears to resolve the danger brought by the God Ascension Nectar.

He remained silent for a moment before lifting his right hand to point at the floating medicinal pills. They immediately came towards him. With eyes shining brightly, he stared at the medicinal pills and pondered for a moment before taking out several dozen Waves of Tears from the net. He lifted his right hand and swung it, and one of each of the medicinal pills floating in front of him flew into the mouths of Waves of Tears.

'Since this place is an illusion, then besides having an endless supply of Waves of Tears, there will surely be an endless amount… of medicinal pills as well. This dimension is just a place for me to search for the method to create Decaying Spirit Core. The true creation will only happen once I leave this place, and that will be when I am in front of the door in the cave of the second mountain.'

Su Ming had experienced far too many things in his life, and his train of thought had already become mature. He just needed to think about a small matter like this for a moment, and he would understand the cause and effect as well as the order in which things happened.

Almost at the instant the medicinal pills fell into the Waves of Tears' mouths, distortions appeared in the area beside Su Ming. The same amount of medicinal pills appeared once again, verifying his assumption.

Su Ming did not look at the newly appeared medicinal pills. Instead, brilliant light shone in his eyes as he focused on the dozen something Waves of Tears. He began observing them to find out the changes and the differences between them after they ate the medicinal pills.

After confirming that there were differences between them, he recorded each change brought by the pills in his mind, then fused that knowledge into the picture of the Wave of Tears in his head to begin making inferences. This process was long, but Su Ming was not in the least bit anxious. His expression was as calm as ever. As time passed, he continued with his tests.

From feeding only one medicinal pill, he gradually went to two, then three, until one of the Wave of Tears swallowed all the medicinal pills at once. Su Ming's heart was immersed completely in his experiments and the transformations in the Waves of Tears as he searched for their flaw.

Slowly, the number of Waves of Tears in the net dwindled. Currently, less than two-tenths of them were left, which was around sixty-seventy thousand.

The Waves of Tears which had died in Su Ming's hand had accumulated to two hundred thousand something in the passage of time.

'If mixed together, these medicinal pills can produce additional effects…' Su Ming lifted his right hand and swung it, and the Wave of Tears in front of him with bloodshot eyes and a body that seemed to be melting was reduced to powder.

'This is the 3,761st formula, but it can only make the Wave of Tears' skull melt. I can't kill it instantly.' Su Ming shook his head. This was not the Decaying Spirit Core he wanted.

'I might not know the effects of Decaying Spirit Core that can destroy an entire race… but in my mind, there is one medicinal pill that can be considered to be able to… destroy a body when it explodes.' A look that said Su Ming was remembering the past appeared in his eyes. He recalled… Scattering Blood, the pill he created when he was still a child!

It was a pill that could melt a person at the moment it touched their blood, and it was an incredibly domineering pill.

"If a creature's body would explode once it melted, its blood would scatter everywhere, and all Waves of Tears who were touched by that blood would also melt and explode… This is Decaying Spirit Core that is to my liking," Su Ming mumbled, and hint of ruthlessness surfaced in his eyes.

Time passed, and the mixing of the medicinal core continued. It did not matter whether it was a full pill or half a pill, or even just a tiny bit of it. Su Ming used all sorts of formulas he could think of, and tried out all of them without delay.

The number of Waves of Tears went to only around thirty-forty thousand from the sixty-seventy thousand, and in time, there were only thousands of them left…

"The 78,645th formula is still too gentle…"

"The 81324th formula is not the one…"

When there were less than a few hundreds of Waves of Tears in the net, Su Ming's body suddenly trembled. The ten thousand feet tall Wave of Tears in front of him turned red from his latest formula and fell apart in an instant. Its blood then gushed out everywhere.

A focused glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He thought back on the formula he'd used for this medicinal core, and slowly, a brilliant light started shining in his eyes.

"When different medicinal pills are fused together, the blood of Waves of Tears will react and transform, and this change is one that does not fuse with these creatures' structure of life. The moment they touch this abnormal blood, it will fuse with their bodies, and melt them in a process that looks like devouring.

"I'll need to add in a power that will make them explode as well, and this power will depend on the levels of cultivation. The higher the cultivation level of a Wave of Tears will be, the greater explosion it will produce." A smile appeared on Su Ming's lips, and he swiftly stood up. "This core will be named Core of Waves of Tears!"
