# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 916

"This is…" The nine old Frail Darknesses were momentarily stunned, then whipped their heads towards the place from which the white light came. Needless to say, that spot was where their young master had disappeared, and an idea rose in their heads. Even though they thought it was impossible, they could not help but think about it.

The catwoman was nearby as well. Her pupils constricted, and she trained her gaze towards the place.

Xu Hui was taken aback for a moment, then she frowned. She did not believe that Dao Kong would return. In her mind, he had already run far back.

But the scene that appeared next was one that shocked all the cultivators in the area and left them apprehensive.

At the moment the hundred thousand something Waves of Tears that surrounded the ships saw the white light, the madness and ferociousness on their faces vanished, replaced by terror. Their bodies began to tremble. Their howls might still be echoing in the air, but the roars no longer gave off the feeling that they were fierce. Instead… they sounded like pained wails.

Those wails came from all the hundred thousand something Waves of Tears. As they trembled, they swiftly spread outwards, as if the spot where the piercing white light was coming from was an indescribably terrifying existence to them.

It was the case for Waves of Tears that were one hundred feet tall, and it was the same for those who were one thousand feet tall, and even the four that were ten thousand feet tall. Disbelief appeared on their faces.

Roar!

It was a roar that shook the sky and earth, made the entire galaxy tremble, and even shook the hearts of all cultivators, including Xu Hui and the nine old Frail Darknesses, as well made their minds go blank. That roar had come from the mouth of the one hundred thousand feet tall Waves of Tears King sitting on the meteor in the distance.

This was the first time it roared, and as it roared, it stood up on the meteor. Because of the creatures height, it looked like an invincible deity. This alone was enough to shock and intimidate everyone who saw it.

Yet at that moment, there was a grim look that had never appeared before on its face.

The ten thousand something Waves of Tears forced themselves to stop running away once they heard their kings roar. With trembling bodies, they froze in the galaxy and looked at the white light, which was getting increasingly more piercing to the eyes.

This scene shocked Xu Hui, the nine old Frail Darknesses, and all the cultivators on the ships. All of them had a feeling that something bad was about to happen.

The thought that the white light was Su Ming, which existed in the nine old Frail Darknesses' minds, disappeared at that instant. They were almost certain that the white light was a ferocious beast even stronger than the Waves of Tears!

A feeling of anguish instantly rose in the people's hearts.

At that moment, in the white light that was gradually increasing in size, a shadow slowly took form, but the outline of that shadow did not belong to a ferocious beast. It belonged… to a person!

Once that outline took shape, wails filled with pain rose loudly from all around the ships. Those wails came from the uncontrollable terror within the one hundred thousand something Waves of Tears. Those that were one thousand feet tall were in a slightly better condition, but those that were only one hundred feet tall started fleeing swiftly as they cried out as if they had gone mad.

For a short period of time, the Waves of Tears in the galaxy fell into chaos.

Roar!

The one hundred thousand feet Wave of Tears roared again, forcing the fleeing Waves of Tears to stop in their tracks, albeit with great difficulty, but during that moment, a cold harrumph came from the shadow in the light.

That cold harrumph echoed in the air. When it landed in the cultivators' ears, it did nothing to them, but when it landed in the ears of Waves of Tears, it sounded like thunderous booms. Immediately, one hundred feet tall Waves of Tears let out shrill screams, and ignoring the will of their king, they scattered without any hesitation.

It was at this moment that the person walked out completely from the white light. He was dressed in a Sacred Constellation Robe, and his long hair spilled over his shoulders. His handsome face, slender body, and the hint of a cold smirk on his lips brought a thick, malicious air about him.

"Young master!"

"It's the young master! The young master returned!"

"Greetings, young master!"

At the instant Su Ming appeared, the cultivators from the thirteen warships were filled with enthusiasm after being momentarily stunned. It was as if all their fatigue was swept away at that instant. As voices greeting him reverberated in the air, the nine old Frail Darknesses cast deep looks at him and wrapped their fists in their palms as they bowed to him.

They did not ask why he chose to return, but when they saw their young master once again in this place, they could not help but feel respect.

The catwoman was completely stunned. Similar to Xu Hui felt, she had not expected that Su Ming would return.

"I said before that I won't leave. And if I have to leave, I will take all of you… with me," Su Ming said calmly, then turned his head around to sweep his gaze across the hundred thousand something howling Waves of Tears, who were in an extreme state of chaos.

His gaze was filled with a mighty pressure. The cultivators would not be able to sense it too deeply, but once the hundred thousand something Waves of Tears saw him and felt his gaze on them, they wailed even more loudly and dispersed even faster than before.

It was as if Su Ming's existence was a source of terror. It was something the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect could not understand, but something Su Ming knew well.

He had killed hundreds of thousands of Waves of Tears, and a presence that only Waves of Tears could detect had naturally formed about his body. This presence was a murderous aura that could make the creatures tremble.

Su Ming's gaze had made the Waves of Tears become even more terrified because when he looked towards them, they would have a false impression of being dismembered. It was as if the structure of their bodies, how much flesh and blood they possessed, how their bones were distributed, and how their nerves lay in their bodies were all laid bare in front of him at the instant he looked at them.

In fact, they even had the impression that the parts on their bodies which Su Ming had looked at had been injured before or became the most fragile parts.

The presence he possessed that was akin to a monstrous murderous aura in their eyes, and the invisible mighty pressure broke their minds!

This situation was akin to a dog butcher in the mortal world running into a dog. If the person had killed hundreds of dogs, then the butcher would possess a murderous aura that would cause all dogs to quake in fear.

This situation was also similar to meeting great murderers. If someone could personally kill thousands of people, then the killing intent that would gather would be easily noticed by even mortals. Any person who would look upon that murderer would feel a sense of fear, even if they wouldn't know where it came. After all, it would be their spirit sensing it, not mind.

Needless to say, if that person would have killed several hundreds of thousands of people, the feeling would become even stronger. It was no surprise then that Waves of Tears, who were ferocious beasts with extremely high intelligence, were able to notice it even more clearly.

This scene was completely out of the expectations of all cultivators from Morning Dao Sect. Even Xu Hui sucked in a sharp breath. When she looked at Su Ming, she felt that he was unfathomable.

She did not know what he experienced after he disappeared or why he could push Waves of Tears in a state of chaos just by standing still.

The nine old Frail Darknesses also could not come up with a reason for this.

At that moment, a roar that shook the galaxy rang through the area for the third time. The one hundred thousand feet tall Wave of Tears King stood on the meteor and roared at Su Ming. Its face was grim, and there was a brilliant light in its eyes. Its roar was like a wave of sound that rushed out in all directions.

This was a challenge, a challenge issued by Waves of Tears' King!

As it roared, the one hundred feet tall Waves of Tears shuddered. They might still be moving back, but those which were one thousand feet tall and those which were ten thousand feet tall gritted their teeth and bore through the presence that terrified them. They stopped moving back. Instead, they gradually approached Su Ming.

As for the four Waves of Tears that were eighty thousand feet tall, their eyes turned bloodshot, and they charged towards Su Ming while roaring.

At that moment, thousands of Waves of Tears rushed towards Su Ming, and there was not a single one of them that was under one thousand feet tall.

Su Ming smiled coldly. Almost at the instant these Waves of Tears came towards him, he took a step forward. The Duke of Crimson Flame shifted them, and in an instant, Su Ming disappeared. When he reappeared, he was already right beside a Wave of Tears that was one thousand feet tall.

That Wave of Tears shuddered. Before it could do anything though, Su Ming lifted his right hand and pointed to its chest in a well-practiced motion. With smooth movements akin to flowing water, he drew a long line on the Waves of Tears' body, and in the blink of an eye, he drew a circle around the creature.

Then, without even casting it a glance, he walked towards another Wave of Tears.

Behind him, that one thousand feet tall creature shuddered. When it lowered its head, blood trickled out of the corners of its mouth, and its body became limp. The spot where Su Ming had tapped was an old injury it obtained when it was engaged in a fight in the past. The long line he drew sealed off a vein in its body, causing the circulation of blood to freeze for a moment. When this happened, its heart stopped beating, its body fell down, and it died.

This scene caused the pupils of all who saw it to shrink.

One, two, three...

Su Ming moved about, and wherever he went, none of the Waves of Tears could fight back against him. In fact, he did not even use much power on them. He understood the Waves of Tears body structure far too well, and with just one glance, he knew just where their weakness lay.

As Su Ming moved, Waves of Tears died. With their roars growing stronger, the ten thousand feet tall Waves of Tears closed in on him. The creatures that surrounded Su Ming gradually increased in number.

"Still not enough…"

A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes. He wanted to have Waves of Tears gather around him in an even denser fashion. With a turn, he charged towards those that were one hundred feet tall.

At that moment, the fourth roar from the Waves of Tears' King reverberated in space. The will contained in that roar caused the one hundred feet tall Waves of Tear to descend into a frenzied state as they shivered. Then, as if they had been forced into a corner, they no longer retreated, but charged towards Su Ming while screeching as if they had gone mad.

It might seem as if Su Ming was in danger, surrounded by multiple layers of Waves of Tears, but all of this was precisely what he wanted. That roar from the one hundred thousand feet tall Waves of Tears had actually been a great help to Su Ming.

At that moment, the kind left the meteor for the first time. By just taking one step forward with its gigantic body, it appeared in the area just beyond Su Ming and joined the Waves of Tears. Clearly, Su Ming's return had not only terrified the normal Waves of Tear, but also brought a mighty pressure to their king.

The creature's great offensive ability that was equivalent to monsters in Solar Kalpa Realm caused the galaxy to rumble, and ripples spread out. A matchless power swiftly descended in the area, intending to crush Su Ming straightaway!

He smiled.

When he turned around to look at the one hundred thousand feet Wave of Tears, he lifted his left hand and seized the space beside him. Immediately, a one thousand feet tall Wave of Tears was caught by its neck. Su Ming might have been incredibly tiny compared to it, but this did not stop him from seizing the beast by its neck. Because of this action, the Wave of Tears instinctively opened its mouth.

Su Ming's smile was cold and sinister. With a malicious air about him, he shook his right hand… and a medicinal core appeared on his palm. Then… he pushed it into the Wave of Tears' mouth!

It was…. the Core of Waves of Tears which Su Ming had prepared for countless years and had managed to produce after testing out around eighty thousand formulas and experimented with hundreds upon thousands of Waves of Tears! The core… that could destroy an entire race!
