# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 917

Once the core entered the creature's mouth, Su Ming tapped a few spots on the Wave of Tears' body with his right hand, causing the Core of Waves of Tears in its body to melt instantly. Then, Su Ming seized the Wave of Tears' neck, and with a turn, he flung the creature straight into the troop of Waves of Tears beside him.

The one thousand feet Wave of Tears' entire body instantly turned red. Veins popped up on its skin, and blood gushed out of its eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. It looked incredibly terrifying, as if all its bones, flesh, blood, and nerves had melted.

A freezing glare shone in Su Ming's eyes. In the face of endless Waves of Tears that roared and charged towards him, in the face of four gigantic Waves of Tears that were eighty thousand feet big, and in the face of the Waves of Tears King that was one hundred thousand feet big, he smiled.

The moment the smile appeared on his face, he lifted his right hand. He first closed his fingers together, then spread them apart, and softly said a single word, "Bang!"

A muffled bang came from the one thousand feet Wave of Tears. That sound overlapped with Su Ming's voice, as if it had triggered the explosion.

With that bang, the one thousand feet Wave of Tears which had swallowed the Core of Waves of Tears exploded. The impact spread through the entire are, but there were no bones, no torn pieces of flesh, no ripped up body. The creature simply exploded in a rain of blood.

It was as if at the moment its body exploded, everything within it melted. The layer of skin enveloped everything that was inside the body, like a sack containing water. Then, when that sack was torn open, the blood inside gushed out in all directions.

There were plenty of Waves of Tears around the spot where the one thousand feet Wave of Tears had been. At the instant its body exploded, its blood spilled on a dozen something other creatures.

The rain of blood might have looked normal, but at the instant it landed on the Waves of Tears, shrill screams of pain instantly came from those dozens Waves of Tears. The cultivators on the ships saw the blood that spilled out seeping into the Waves of Tears' skin as if it was corroding through, making it seem as if it possessed some form of sentience. Then, it entered deep within their bodies, fusing together with their blood.

At the instant it entered their veins…

Bang. Bang. Bang...

The dozen something bangs that rose and fell were so loud that all the cultivators on the ships trembled, the nine old Frail Darknesses widened their eyes in shock, and the catwoman froze her face turning pale from disbelief.

Even Xu Hui's breathing quickened. She could hardly believe what she saw at that moment.

As the bodies of the dozen something creatures crumbled, the cultivators saw Waves of Tears exploding in all directions, as if a raging and roaring sea of blood had been called out.

As more creatures exploded, the abnormal blood spilled on hundreds of other Waves of Tears. One of them was a creature that was eighty thousand feet big.

The cold smile on Su Ming's lips grew colder. He placed his hands behind his back as he stood in the middle of the disintegrating sea of blood. The blood that could kill Waves of Tears so easily had no effect on him. His cold smile and calmness were in deep contrast to the miserable situation around him that was filled with terror-born madness.

"If you want to take what doesn't belong to you, then you must be prepared to be exterminated," Su Ming said flatly.

The hundreds of Waves of Tears screamed in pain, and their cries shook the universe. Their bodies exploded with a bang, while as for the Wave of Tears that was eighty thousand feet big, it roared, and with an indescribable pain, it charged towards Su Ming.

It was clearly enduring the pain of collapsing because it wanted to kill his oppressor.

Su Ming did not move. He believed in the race exterminating Decaying Spirit Core he had created, so he watched the incoming eighty thousand feet Wave of Tears with an aloof gaze. That creature took one more step forward, got slightly closer to Su Ming, and then its body exploded with a bang.

Its death sounded like a funeral bell that resounded through the entire galaxy. Due to its gigantic body, the blood it spilled far surpassed the amount from the much smaller creatures. Once the creature exploded, a tremendous sea of blood submerged Su Ming's body and swept through the entire area.

Shrill roars filled with terror and madness instantly came from the Waves of Tears' mouths. The battle spirit that had been lit after much difficulty by the Waves of Tears' King disappeared like the wind at that instant. The threat of death caused the Waves of Tears to scatter outwards without regard for anything. They wanted to leave this place. They… were afraid.

However, Su Ming's Decaying Spirit Core for the Waves of Tears was an item to exterminate an entire race. The longer it stayed in effect, the more shocking it would be. The explosion of the hundreds of Waves of Tears and the blood from the eighty thousand feet Wave of Tears gushing out resulted in ten thousand Waves of Tears being splashed.

Once the first bang from the Wave of Tears that was fed the medicinal core sounded, that noise never stopped. Loud rumbles continued reverberating in space, and every single time it rang out, endless screams of pain would follow after, along with another Wave of Tears turning into power for Decaying Spirit Core.

It was a medicinal core that could exterminate a race, decaying its spirit; a medicinal core that possessed the power to destroy all manner of lives. This… was Decaying Spirit Core.

The sea of blood turned into a gigantic whirlpool that continued spreading out while booming sounds echoed one after another. If anyone tried to paint this scene in the galaxy as a picture, then anyone who saw it would be able to see blood-red flowers at the edges of the sea of blood in the middle of a picture, and this was where the booms were coming from ceaselessly.

Each of the blood-red flowers was caused by a Wave of Tears' body falling apart. This picture was incredibly beautiful, but it was also a funeral song for all lives...

The one hundred thousand feet Wave of Tears King roared while retreating hastily. There was a frenzied expression on its face, and its eyes were bloodshot. It could only watch as its kind died in a forlorn manner, as three of the four old eighty thousand feet tall Waves of Tears, the elders of its race, were killed.

Their deaths were completely unrelated to their levels of cultivation. It was because of that sea of blood, because that damn cultivator had fed a medicinal core to one of its own just moments ago. The king did not know what medicinal core it had been, but the terror it produced was something even the Waves of Tears' King could not fight against.

It did not dare get close to it, did not even dare to let a single drop of that blood touch it. It… had a strong hunch that even if it was the Waves of Tears' King itself, its body would disintegrate just like those of everyone else.

This had nothing to do with their levels of cultivation. It was simply something that could not exist together with them. This was… a flaw in their lives!

The booming sounds continued while spreading outwards. The numbers of dead Waves of Tears reached thousands, then tens of thousands, and kept increasing until the entire galaxy was covered by the sea of blood. At that point, about a hundred thousand Waves of Tears had died.

The remnants stood at the outermost area of the galaxy, and most of them were only a hundred something feet big. Few of them were one thousand feet tall. As for the ten thousand feet tall Waves of Tears who were the closest to Su Ming earlier since they were the fastest, all of them had died. Even of the four old eighty thousand feet Waves of Tears, only one remained, and it was trembling after having escaped by pure luck.

If anyone looked around the galaxy at that moment, they would find that most of the hundred thousand something Waves of Tears had disintegrated. Right then, there were less than twenty thousand of them remaining.

The area was filled with dead silence…

All the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect were shocked by all that they saw. Their mouths hung open in astonishment as they looked at Su Ming in the vast sea of blood in a daze.

The Waves of Tears were all trembling. Expressions of terror and despair that had never appeared on them before showed up. As Su Ming stood in the sea of blood, he became an existence that was etched into the deepest parts of these creatures' minds, and his figure was branded deep into their lives and souls, to be passed down generation after generation.

"Either you worship me and… leave, or all Waves of Tears will die," Su Ming stated flatly as he stood in the sea of blood and swept his gaze past those still alive.

His voice shot through the sea of blood and reverberated in this galaxy.

The Waves of Tears in the area let out pitiful cries begging for their lives as they trembled. Without any hesitation, they bowed down and worshiped Su Ming.

The near twenty thousand Waves of Tears that remained all chose to kowtow to him. When he looked towards the Waves of Tears' King, an expression of pain and conflict appeared on the creature. After some time, it lowered its head and quietly chose to fold its gigantic body to kowtow as well.

The act of bowing down and worshiping someone might seem simple, but to this creature, it was an act that was even more difficult to endure than death. However… if it did not do this, what else could it do? For its kind and the members of its race, it had no choice.

Everything that had happened was because… its kind had offended someone they could not offend. They brought upon themselves a disaster they could not resolve. When the creature remembered the medicinal core, a shudder ran down its back.

"Now, get yourself out of my sight," Su Ming said flatly.

The one hundred thousand feet tall Wave of Tears stood up slowly, and with a single move, it charged into the distance. Behind it were the remaining twenty thousand Waves of Tears. They rushed away as fast as they could, following behind their king, as if staying for even a breath longer in this place would break them down.

When Su Ming saw the Waves of Tears leaving into the distance, he shifted his gaze away from them. He did not choose to truly exterminate this race.

He turned around and looked at the people from Morning Dao Sect behind him, and slowly, a faint smile appeared on his lips.

In the sea of blood, he stood dressed in his Sacred Constellation Robe. His long hair danced in space, and his expression was calm, but the sea of blood was acting as the background. With it behind him, a distinct and powerful aura that was full of maliciousness spread out without reservation around his handsome face.

The sea of blood and the malicious aura seemed to have fused together at that instant, and Su Ming's appearance was deeply branded into the minds of all those from Morning Dao Sect. It was an image they would never forget in their lives.

Su Ming's gaze caused a zealousness to be born within the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect, and deep reverence for Dao Kong rose within them. This was a very different emotion from the one with which they served him before.

They had respected Dao Kong in the past because of Morning Dao Sect, but at this moment… they held Su Ming in reverence because of Su Ming himself.

There was a slightly complicated look on Xu Hui's face. When Su Ming looked towards her, for the first time ever, she instinctively wanted to avoid his gaze…

"Let's go. We'll continue… heading to Divine Essence Star Ocean," Su Ming said calmly.

"Understood!" a single voice that consisted of hundreds of voices from all the fearless warriors, all the cultivators from Morning Dao Sect… the nine old men, the catwoman answered. That word even echoed in the heart of Xu Hui.
