# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 920

Tian Xie Zi, Su Ming's first true Master!

The pillar of the ninth summit, one of the three Great Berserkers in South Morning, whose origins were incredibly mysterious. No one else knew about it, but his disciples knew that their Master had once left Yin Death Region and entered Morning Dao Sect to have one of the Sect Elders be his Master.

He only took in four disciples in his life!

His eldest disciple had the inheritance of the Shamans' Nine Li Tribe and was the Shaman Lord of the current generation. His level of cultivation might not be much, but his will was so strong that he could overturn the world. To become stronger, he did not hesitate to be used by Di Tian, using the other's power to behead himself and turn into Xing Gan!

He brandished the axe in his hand against the skies!

His second disciple took the word 'Hua' [1] as his family name. He was gentle and elegant, but his body was actually the will of a Phantom King. No one could say how long he had lived. He wandered around the world, worshiped by all ghosts. If it was not because the land of Berserkers was too small and he could not get out of Yin Death Vortex, then his future would have been limitless.

His third disciple might seem dumb, but he was the incarnation of the Rune Treasure that sealed Yin Death Region. Before him, all seals and Runes did not seem to exist. He valued his relationships greatly and was skilled in the Art of Dreams. If he could master this Art, he would definitely be able to shock the universe.

His fourth disciple was Su Ming, an Abyss Builder and the young master of the Fifth True World. His body and soul had been separated—his body was in the land of Immortals, while his soul was sent into the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. He was the Fourth God of Berserkers in the land of Berserkers, had an Ecang clone, and possessed a Seed of Life Extermination. He had faced plenty of trails in his life, and had had countless serendipities. His cultivation base clone could enter the core of Morning Dao Sect, and his clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole could become the strongest physical body in the universe. If the day came when his clones and his physical body merged into one, then his strength would be difficult to describe with words.

If a person could have these four people as his disciples, then there was no longer any need to talk about how illustrious he was!

Tian Xie Zi taught Su Ming about the changes of heart and had him search for his own method to clear his mind. He had also opened the path of cultivation for Su Ming and turned his heart into the one it was now, capable of reaching this far!

Su Ming's heart trembled. His whole body was shaking as he looked at the illusory figure on the giant's head. He had not expected that he would be able to find… traces of his Master in Divine Essence Star Ocean!

Tian Xie Zi's disappearance was a source of pain among the brothers, and they swore that no matter what, as long as they lived, they would find their Master. Even if their Master was no longer around, they would have the universe bleed to take revenge for him.

Su Ming had come to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence alone. His senior brothers were in True Morning Dao World. They had been separated for a thousand something years, but Su Ming's heart of a disciple of the ninth summit had never changed.

No matter how much time passed, he was someone from the ninth summit. He was Tian Xie Zi's fourth disciple!

'Master…'

A hard to control impulse urged him to move, but he was no longer the teenager that he was in the past. He knew that being reckless would not be of much good to him, since it would reveal his thoughts. Like that, he would gain little success even after putting in a lot of effort to achieve his goal.

He forced down the impulse in his heart and watched the giant roar towards the heavens while the thin man rushed out. He was so quick that he instantly closed in on the Galloping Fighter. Then, he lifted his right hand and hurled a punch.

The bone staff shattered into pieces. The Galloping Fighter coughed up blood, then used some unknown method to fall back, avoiding being killed by a hair's breadth. He charged backwards, towards the thirteen warships.

The thin man went after him without any hesitation.

Cold glares immediately appeared in the eyes of the cultivators in the thirteen warships. Some of them even stood up. The catwoman's eyes focused as well while she stood beside Su Ming.

A mighty pressure immediately spread out from the thirteen warships and locked onto the incoming Galloping Fighter as well as the thin man.

"Let them come." Once Su Ming spoke, the mighty pressure from the thirteen warships instantly dissipated.

"Gebierg! Ic i léane eac þæt dryhtgestréon [2]..." The incoming Galloping Fighter spoke swiftly to Su Ming and the others, but his words were complicated and difficult to understand, making it completely impossible for them to understand what he said. However, based on his expression and his current condition, he was definitely asking for help.

"He asked us to save him, and he's willing to use their race's treasure to repay us," the catwoman whispered.

Su Ming did not speak, staring at the thin man. He saw the man coughing up blood as he pursued the Galloping Fighter. At that moment, his body turned into blood mist, and his speed increased exponentially. When the Galloping Fighter stepped into one of the warships, the other caught up to him. Fog shot through the Galloping Fighter's body, and a loud boom reverberated in the air. Blood poured of the Galloping Fighter's eyes, ears, nose, and mouth, and he fell on the warship.

The fog gathered together to turn into the thin man. He glared at the people from Morning Dao Sect fiercely, his body bent like that of a ferocious beast. He slowly retreated, then seized the dead Galloping Fighter. But just as he was about to leave, Su Ming spoke.

"Which Shaman tribe do you belong to and who is your Great Patriarch? [3]"

The other people from Morning Dao Sect could not understand Su Ming's words and were all momentarily stunned. This was the Shamans' language, and Su Ming had learned it when he was among the Shamans in the past.

The thin man was planning to retreat, but when he heard those words, he stopped for a moment, then cast Su Ming a deep glance while standing on another ship. With a single move, he grabbed the corpse and left the ship, then returned to the meteor with the holes he had dug. Once he placed a corpse in each hole, he grabbed the remaining one and pushed it hard against the ground. With just a few moves, he formed a huge hole, and threw the corpse inside it.

Once he threw all nine corpses into the holes, he turned his head around and looked at Su Ming on the warship, suddenly lifting his right hand and drawing a line across his neck, signaling that he would kill him if he followed. A freezing glare appeared in his eyes, and he prepared to leave.

Su Ming let out a cold harrumph. His eyes swiftly gained a profound look, and the power of a Soul Catcher spread out rapidly from his eyes, turning into ripples in the galaxy around them. That Soul Catcher's power swiftly descended on the thin man's body when Su Ming looked at him.

The man's feet came to a halt. He whipped his head around, and for the first time, surprise appeared on his face. He lifted his right hand and struck his body to cough up blood. His body turned into blood mist once more, and he changed into a blood shadow. His speed then increased by several fold.

Su Ming took a step forward without any hesitation.

"Continue onward and station yourselves at a safe place. Wait for me there. I have a connection to the ships, I will be able to find you." While speaking, Su Ming had already walked off the ship.

Before the nine old Frail Darknesses could say anything, he said, "None of you are to follow me. That includes you, Xu Hui. This is an order!"

"I can accept not going, but you must bring Xuan Li. She has lived hundreds of years in Divine Essence Star Ocean and understands plenty of customs in the place," Xu Hui said calmly from the other warship.

If they had not gone through the matter with the Waves of Tears, then she would have chosen to ignore Su Ming's orders, even though the others would obey him. Yet now, it was different. His words made even her hesitate for a moment.

"No!" Su Ming stated from afar.

His body turned into a long arc, and he charged into the group of meteors. No one noticed that when he left, the bald crane swung its wings, covering the Abyss Dragon. They turned into dust and left the ship without a single sound, charging in the direction Su Ming had left to go after him.

The nine old Frail Darknesses fell silent and looked at each other. They wanted to chase after Su Ming to protect him, but the resolve in his words was very clear. In silence, they sighed in their hearts, but did not follow after him, because they could already see that Xu Hui had disappeared.

The thirteen ships moved forward slowly while searching for a safe spot in the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean so that they could wait for their young master's return.

Su Ming traveled at a relaxed pace through the meteors. He did not use his full speed, but chased after the thin man in front of him from the distance. The statue of the God of Shamans' illusion on the man was a clue that Su Ming was determined to get, since this matter was incredibly important to him. This was the reason why he had decided to chase after the man alone.

After a moment, Su Ming raised his right hand and flung it behind him. Immediately, banging sounds rang out in the space behind him. The big yellow and black dogs appeared beside Su Ming.

The black dog which was the bald crane winked at Su Ming to try to signal to him something, and even wagged its tail, putting on an expression that it wanted to curry favor so that it would be rewarded.

"After him," Su Ming ordered while glaring at the bald crane.

The bald crane quickly nodded, then barked a few times at the thin man's back. With a lightning speed, it rushed forward. The big yellow dog behind it followed after in a lackadaisical manner, occasionally looking into the distance.

The thin man frowned while rushing forward. Killing intent flashed briefly in his eyes, but he did not stop moving. His instincts were telling him that the person chasing after him was the strongest person he had ever met in his life.

He had no confidence in winning against this sort of person. On top of that, the other knew the language of Shamans and knew about the Great Patriarch's title. In fact, he could even find a hint of familiarity that stemmed from Shaman nature about the stranger.

That person's gaze just now had even given him a feeling that he was a Soul Catcher.

When he saw that the other was still chasing after him, the thin man let out a cold harrumph and changed direction to charge straight to his right. As he moved about the meteors, his speed increased.

Su Ming followed after while watching him with a cold gaze. He wanted to see where this man wanted to go, so he was not in a hurry to catch up to him. After all, judging by this man's looks, he would not tell Su Ming the answer he wanted so easily.

Days went by,and in the blink of an eye, half a month was gone.

During it, Su Ming always maintained a set amount of distance between himself and the man, not an inch more, and not an inch less. This distance was enough to make the man feel threatened, and this formed a sense of oppression on the man that lasted continuously for half a month.

Such a thing was enough to break the minds of anyone with a weak will.

Su Ming had been highly adept at this sort of hunting since he was a child, and he had only become even more skilled with it as time went past. Of course, without the bald crane's continuous chatter, the effect would probably have been a bit better.

"Hey, sonny, don't run so fast, let your Grandpa Crane rest awhile…"

"Aw… you're still running! Darn you! You have crystals on you! I can smell them! It's this scent! Don't you dare run!"

"Just you wait, when I catch up to you, I'll have yellow here bite your butt! I'll have it rip your butt off!"

The big yellow dog was already used to the bald crane's quips. It just rolled its eyes and ignored it, but for some unknown reason, it did also have the urge to go up and bite the person's posterior.

Translator's Notes:

1. Hua: Hua is flower, very fitting for Su Ming's second senior brother since he uses flowers.

2. As you can probably tell, the Chinese version was as difficult to understand as the English version. The English version is in Old English, and the Chinese version is made-up, since it's a foreign language in context.

3. As to why it's in modern English. The Chinese version was also in modern Chinese, for ease of reading for all readers. So let's just pretend that we're all very fluent in Berserker and Shaman languages, that's why we instantly understood it while those from Morning Dao Sect couldn't, 'kay?
