# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 925

Xu Hui let out a cold harrumph and did not stop moving even when the whirlwind closed in on her. At that time, he quickly formed a seal in front of her and spread her arms outwards.

"Scatter!"

Her hair danced in the wind, but the moment she said that one word, the whirlwind in front of her abruptly stopped. A roar that seemed to have come from an ancient time came from the whirlwind.

That roar contained a will that desired to destroyed the universe. It turned into flames in the depths of the whirlwind and spread out abruptly. Immediately, the whirlwind in front of Xu Hui was set ablaze and turned into a whirlwind of fire.

The roar gained a sharp edge and turned into a screech in the end. As it traveled out, a fire phoenix rushed out of the fire whirlwind. It was several thousands of feet long and looked incredibly mighty. It circled around the world, and its screeches burned everything in all directions.

"Flame Phoenix, come forth!" A murderous glint shone in Xu Hui's eyes. She lifted her right hand and pointed towards the sand giant in the distance, and the fire phoenix instantly charged towards the giant.

As the giant roared, the two of them crashed into each other. A loud bang shook the ground and spread out with great intensity.

The powerful divine ability from Lunar Kalpa Realm was shown in its full glory at that moment by Xu Hui's hands.

Her speed did not change. Within an instant, she reached the giant whose entire body was engulfed in a sea of fire. Its knees caved in, and with a loud thump, it knelt down on the ground. It appeared to be in pain as its body started burning away.

But Xu Hui did not relax her guard. Instead, a grim expression appeared on her face. She stopped moving and stood where she was, looking around the area. As the giant burned, the ground around her started shaking, and a dozen more sand giants appeared. These Malicious Sand Spirits took big strides forward, and each time their feet landed on the ground, it would tremble. All of the creatures were swiftly closing in on her.

These giants alone were not enough to make Xu Hui react, though. What caused her pupils to shrink was a sand giant that was thousands of feet tall in the distance. The sand by his feet seemed to have gained sentience and formed a small hill.

He stood on the small hill, and a bitingly cold glare shone in his eyes as he stared at Xu Hui from the distance. In his left hand was a yellow longbow. That bow was several thousands of feet tall, the same height as his body.

In fact, the sand farther away from Xu Hui formed a round barrier as it tumbled about. Whistles resounded from there, and dwarves of only half an average man's height appeared in swarms. They were dressed in simple clothes, and their bodies were incredibly dirty, as if they had never washed themselves since they were born.

These dwarves stood close to each other, and they numbered to tens of thousands. They surrounded the area, whistling to each other The piercing noise acted as a background to the area around Xu Hui, and it created a bizarre atmosphere.

Xu Hui's expression was dark, but before she could do anything, the dozen sand giants around her had already closed in on her. As they roared, the sand on the ground flew up, and a dozen something whirlwinds manifested to swiftly rush towards her.

The whirlwinds were quick, and in the blink of an eye, they submerged Xu Hui. During that moment, the sand giant of thousands of feet tall on the hill lifted the bow in his left hand. He held the bowstring with his right hand, and with a yank, he drew the bow.

The sand around him floated up and gathered together. In the span of a few breaths, a sand arrow formed on the bow!

Buzz!

A sound echoed through the world, for the giant had released the string. Immediately, the sand arrow let out a piercing whistle that shook the sky and earth and turned into a shooting star that charged towards Xu Hui.

It sliced through space, burning it, and the arrow's tip turned into a statue of a deity!

The deity had its arms wrapped around its chest. Its eyes were closed, and it was a man dressed in armor. Within an instant, the statue closed in on Xu Hui, who had been attacked by a dozen something whirlwinds.

Bang!

Eight of them turned into flames, but at the instant the arrow shot in, they turned into loud booms that surged into the sky. Amid that noise, Xu Hui retreated swiftly. When she had moved thousands of feet back, blood trickled out of the corners of her mouth. With a pale face, she glared at the giant with the bow in the distance.

Excited and agitated roars tumbled out of the mouths of the Sand Earthlings who were only half an average man's height around her. These people were all men, and in the mid of their excitement, they raised their heads and roared, as if they were in a rut.

The killing intent in Xu Hui's eyes grew stronger. When she saw that the dozen something giants were getting closer, she moved and disappeared without a trace, but at the instant she vanished, another gigantic statue of a deity appeared in the desert. It was in a spot that was incredibly far away.

That statue was hundreds of thousands of feet tall. Its appearance was the exact same as that of the statue formed on the arrow shot by the giant with the bow.

However, it was more majestic and seemed to possess a more corporeal form. At the top of the hundred thousand feet deity statue was an old man that was only half an average man's height. He was dressed in beast skins, and his body was incredibly dirty. However, there was intelligence shining in his eyes. In his hands he held a black skull. Once he raised it above his head, he roared.

That roar contained words of his language, which was complex and sounded awkward, and was difficult to understand.

Yet as the man roared, the entire desert started moaning, as if it was communicating with him. At that moment, a chilling glare shone in the old man's eyes, and he lifted his right hand to point into the distance, at Xu Hui.

The moment he pointed at her was the moment she had fused into space. Ripples instantly appeared at the spot she had vanished, and she was forced out.

Her expression changed. She gritted her teeth and moved once more. This time, she did not fuse into space, but shifted. Yet at the instant she disappeared, the sound of something crashing came from the left side of the round barrier that encircled the area.

The expressions of the hundreds of Sand Earthlings on the barrier remained the same. They were still excited and agitated, and the vulgar looks were still on their faces.

Xu Hui was once again forced out from the space before them. And this time, more blood trickled down the corners of her lips.

Her face was pale. She had failed in her attempt to fuse into space, and she had also failed when she tried to leave the place. A powerful seal that was even greater than her power had been placed in this area.

She could not rush out of this seal!

She could ignore the dozen something sand giants around her, but with just one arrow, that person with the bow had managed to injure her. In her eyes, this person was a powerful warrior who was at Lunar Kalpa Realm, just like her!

She could still handle this sort of encirclement, albeit with some difficulty, but if anyone else showed up, it would become difficult for her to escape.

Almost at the instant she was forced out, a piercing buzz could be heard. The second arrow from the person with the bow shot through space and appeared in front of Xu Hui.

She gritted her teeth and turned around. As her hair swayed in the air, she formed a seal in front of her, then pointed at the incoming arrow.

The arrow crumbled with a bang, but Xu Hui still coughed up blood. She took a few staggering steps backwards, but she did not show weakness. Instead, she disappeared again.

When she reappeared, she was already next to the person with the bow. She lifted her right hand and pushed forward. When she moved her fingers away from each other, three crimson rings flew out from them.

Right after these three rings appeared, they connected with each other and charged towards the person with the bow.

A glint appeared in the eyes of the person with the bow. He did not dodge, but bent his body slightly and pushed against the ground with his left hand.

With it, loud bangs rose into the air. The endless sand in the area gathered around him and turned into a protective barrier. Once the three rings crashed into it, the sand barrier crumbled, but at the same time, the third arrow rushed out. With a loud whistle, it rushed at Xu Hui's face.

She was about to dodge it when a cold harrumph followed by complicated and difficult to understand sounds echoed in the air. Those sounds were coming from somewhere far away from this place.

That voice belonged to the old man sitting on the hundred thousand feet statue that could not be seen from the spot in which Xu Hui was fighting. He lifted his left hand and seized the air in the direction of the sky. A ferocious smile appeared on his lips.

Xu Hui was in the air, but it was completely impossible for her to dodge, because she could sense that her body had been seized by an invisible hand. The power coming from that hand belonged to those in Solar Kalpa Realm, and it seemed to want to crush her.

She could not dodge, and the arrow arrived with a bang. Xu Hui coughed up blood, but her body regained mobility. As she continued retreating, her robes were torn, and her right shoulder became a bloody mess.

Yet she still didn't choose to give up. While retreating, she lifted her left hand and struck a few places on her body. Seventeen figures instantly appeared around her.

"Eighteen Strikes on the Lake of Phoenix!" Xu Hui shouted out in a low timbre, and all the figures around her immediately gathered on her body, which was in midair. Together, they turned into the shape of a crescent moon.

The power of Lunar Kalpa Realm erupted from her body, and a sea of fire erupted from the moon, as if it had turned into a phoenix. It charged towards the person with the bow, and it was so quick that it closed in on the target in an instant.

The expression of the person with the bow changed. He immediately retreated while drawing his bow. Three arrows were formed, and he shot them out at the same moment.

All of this happened in quick succession. In an instant, both sides crashed into each other, and a powerful, piercing light burst forth. It prevented everyone in the area from seeing anything.

At that moment, Su Ming was at a spot that was not too far from that particular area in the desert while traveling at his greatest speed. He even asked the Duke of Crimson Flame to shift them. When he occasionally disappeared, he would reappear far from his original place.

His expression was dark as he charged forward. If the person who was trapped was not the person he thought to be, then he would ignore her, but if she was who he believed her to be, then Su Ming… had to save Xu Hui, who had followed him in secret.

After all, she had come to this place to protect him, and since he was not Dao Kong, his personality was not that of Dao Kong, which was why he had to save her!

He traveled so quickly that he swept up sand with the wind he stirred up. Booming sounds echoed in the air as he got closer to the place where Xu Hui was trapped.
