# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 937

There was nothing in the world that served as the true epitome of fairness. It was just like what Su Ming had said in the Yu Family in the past. He had already seen through this so-called fairness in the world.

Since there was no fairness in the world, then the law of the jungle was an eternal rule. It was no surprise then that the Malicious Eye had been ambushed by Ecang in the past when it was at its weakest and that Ecang had offered its physical body to Old Man Extermination in exchange for his name being added to the ballad, thereby gaining eternal life.

It was no surprise then that one of the eyes of the powerful creature in the past that had managed to escape by a pure stroke of life had returned to Ecang's hand once again. However, this time, the one who had orchestrated this was not Ecang's will, but Su Ming's soul.

His Ecang clone took the Malicious Eye and slowly placed it at the center of his brows. At the instant the eyeball touched his forehead, the world rumbled. Endless lightning bolts appeared out of nowhere and started spreading outwards in all directions from Su Ming's Ecang clone.

The sky looked as if it had been turned into a huge lightning net.

In this net was Su Ming's Ecang clone. When he slowly lowered his right hand, a new eye opened up at center of his brows!

It was a Malicious Eye that shone with a purple light! A Malicious Eye that exuded a strange and wicked presence!

This eye had a vertical pupil. Countless vengeful spirits struggled and roared at the edges of it, and some of them even spread outwards. Because of it, Su Ming's Ecang clone left the impression that he was absolutely not a good person. His appearance and the wicked air around him was enough to give a great impact to all those who saw him.

That impact would give rise to a thought within those who saw him, and it would be that they could not provoke this person for any reason whatsoever. They would also have a vague sense that he was filled with maliciousness.

The aura of it around him was so thick that it was already close to the peak of its density. If it truly reached the peak, then the word 'malicious' would no longer be capable of describing it. Perhaps a new word would then be created by all those who were shocked and intimidated by Su Ming's presence.

The Malicious Eye moved at the center of the Ecang clone's brows. The pupil looked swiftly towards the net of lightning in the sky, and with it, the lightning that filled the sky distorted, as if it was trembling, and within an instant… it vanished!

It was as if with the Malicious Eye, the Ecang clone's existence became a proud sun in the sky that not even the net of heavens could cover. When the lightning in the sky vanished, the Ecang clone lowered his head. Once he met the gaze of Su Ming on the ground, his body gradually disappeared. When not a trace of him could be found any longer in the area, he returned to Western Ring Nebula's foreign land and the one hundred thousand purple galaxies that belonged to him.

Once the Ecang clone left, Su Ming closed his eyes. At the instant he did so, a fine, purple line appeared at the center of his brows. That line was incredibly clear, and its appearance caused the wicked air that had always existed around Su Ming to become as thick as the one possessed by his Ecang clone.

He stood quietly on the ground and did not move as time trickled by. On the third day, Su Ming opened his eyes. He raised his head to look at the sky, and an incredibly peculiar feeling rose in his heart.

The sky was the same as it was three days ago. Nothing had changed. The world in his eyes was as it always was—a gray sky, a boundless galaxy that could be seen at the edge of the horizon in the distance. This unusual phenomenon in the sky was one that could only be seen in Divine Essence Star Ocean.

The ground was dry, and not a single hint of life could be seen on it. When he swept his gaze across the land, he saw only a flatland that gave off an air of stillness.

However, Su Ming could sense that he… was able to see more, and he could… see things that others could not see.

"Malicious Eye," he said calmly.

At the instant he said these words, the thin, purple line at the center of his brows flew open.

This was not a thin line. This was… the projection of the Malicious Eye on Su Ming's cultivation base clone and his clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole. When that eye opened, the vertical pupil and the countless struggling figures of the vengeful spirits were immediately revealed at the center of Su Ming's brows.

Roars that could cast hearts in awe and terror reverberated around Su Ming intensely. However, they did not affect him this time. If there were other cultivators around him at that moment though, then the wave of impact from the piercing roars would definitely affect their hearts and bodies.

Those roars surged into the sky. Su Ming raised his head once more, and when he looked towards the sky, he saw a completely different sight!

He saw nine hundred something different skies. This was a scene that was incredibly difficult to put into words. It was as if there were nine hundred something people lifting their heads to look at the sky at the same moment, and the scenes they saw were all gathered into one person's eyes.

Because of it, it could be said that he saw nine hundred something images of the same sky. However, it was not true. It wasn't the exact same sky.

Soon after, when the nine hundred something skies in his eyes overlapped, the sight before him changed, and it was magnified by one-fold.

But it did not stop there. Once the sight was magnified by one-fold, it continued expanding like flowing water. Only when everything had been magnified by nine times their original size did it stop. At that moment, Su Ming saw endless fine particles in the gray sky. These particles were gray, and they were… the ones which gave the sky its color.

Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that this was not a sky, but a gray layer of fog.

Su Ming lowered his head and looked towards the ground. He saw endless fine cracks on the seemingly flat ground, many of which were continuously spreading outwards. However, no one else could see it.

This was Su Ming's Malicious Eye. Before it opened, it was a fine, purple line. When it opened, it turned into the first eye that had seen the universe's rise and fall!

Su Ming sucked in a sharp breath. The Malicious Eye at the center of his brows closed up and turned into a fine, purple line once again. A great surge of confidence rose in Su Ming's heart. This confidence did not come from his power, but from control!

Once he came to possess this eye, he was qualified to say that he could control all things.

He could control the battlefield, control all battles of Arts, and control all lives and death!

"There are nine hundred something souls in this eye, which is why it can magnify something up to nine times their original size. If that is the case, then the more vengeful souls this eye absorbs, the more shocking the extent to which the eye would be able to magnify something will become…" Su Ming swung his arm and, with a single move, turned into a long arc and disappeared from the ground.

…..

Several days later.

On the floating continent in which lived the Ninth Tribe was a mountain. In the middle of it was the tribe, and stone houses surrounded the entire mountainside. Nearly a thousand members of the Ninth Tribe were preparing food in the morning in the mid of chimney smoke.

Some children played around. Their naive and young laughter echoed in the morning, bringing rarely seen smiles on the adults' faces when they occasionally looked over.

The women in the tribe put down their weapons to take care of the elderly and the young, as well as to prepare food. The warriors in the tribe sat down and meditated at the foot of the mountain. They were all training there.

There were also a portion of the members in the tribe who went out to hunt. They had yet to return.

The entire tribe was brimming with an air of peace that came to them after the great war, and it was one that had been absent from them for a long time.

A line formed by deep pits thousands of feet away from the foot of the mountain showed how devastating the previous battle had been, and it had by then turned into a barrier.

Xu Hui opened her eyes on this morning and woke up.

When she did so, she looked around her in confusion. The last thing she remembered was a familiar figure. Right when this picture appeared in her head, she saw a figure sitting on a mountain rock outside the house. The sun was shining on him.

She could only see the person's back, but that back had already overlapped with the final scene she recalled.

"You're awake… the porridge in the Ninth Tribe is pretty good. You can eat some of it." When a familiar voice of the familiar figure reached her, Xu Hui lowered her head and looked towards the bowl of porridge that was still steaming hot.

Her face was still slightly pale. She averted her gaze from the porridge and cast her eyes on her own body. When she saw herself, her eyes focused. She saw that her robes had been changed to sackcloth, and she was wearing nothing else beneath.

Her wounds were healing, and her cultivation base was slowly beginning to reassert itself. The injuries she had suffered were too grave. They were enough for her to possibly lose her life. Even if she was currently recuperating, she would be unable to circulate her cultivation base for a short period of time. A sense of feebleness rose in Xu Hui's heart.

This sort of feeling was incredibly strange and unfamiliar to her. It was as if she had become a weak mortal.

She picked up the hot bowl of porridge, took a light sip out of it, licked her lips, then immediately began taking large gulps from it. Soon, the entire bowl was finished.

Her facial color regained a gained a slightly better hue, but the sickly paleness wasn't gone from her face. However, she felt much better than before. She slowly stood up, and her breathing quickened slightly due to that simple action.

With her hand on the stone wall beside her for support, Xu Hui walked out of the stone house and stood under the sunlight. She looked at the sky, then at the ground at the foot of the mountain, and breathed in the refreshing air.

Xu Hui lowered her head to look at Su Ming, who was by her side. She remained silent for a moment before saying softly, "Thank you."

"Don't mention it," Su Ming answered faintly while sitting on the mountain rock and looking at the sky in the distance.

"You were the one who changed my clothes?" Xu Hui suddenly asked.

"Mhm." Su Ming nodded.

Xu Hui fell silent once more. She did not continue standing, but sat down instead. She, too, looked into the distance. Mountain breeze blew past, lifting a strand of hair, but she caught it with her hand. However, the next moment, the breeze did not just lift up a few strands of her hair. Instead, it blew up most of it up, and she could not catch all of the hair with her hand. It was just like how her heart could not return to her usual, calm state, despite her quiet appearance at that moment.

"You have a nice figure," Su Ming said faintly with his face as calm as ever.

But when his words fell into Xu Hui's ears, she immediately looked towards him. Yet soon, she suddenly smiled elegantly. "Thank you."

Su Ming turned his head sideways to look at Xu Hui. He stared at the elegant smile on her face, and for the first time, he thought that this woman was quite interesting.

"But you have too many moles," he said calmly.

"Can't help it. My parents gave them to me, and I don't want to erase them. You'll just have to be bothered by it," she said lightly. She lowered her right hand, not bothering to continue trying to grab the hair that was lifted by the wind...
