# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 944

In True Morning Dao World, a battle that shook the entire true world so much that even True Sacred Yin World and the Emperor of Abyss' True World were paying attention to it had just started, and it was already incredibly devastating.

This was a great war in which almost every single race in True Morning Dao World had banded together to fight against Morning Dao Sect!

It could be said that Morning Dao Sect was surrounded by enemies on all sides. The rebellion had been started by the Immortals who had managed to get the other races working together with them by some foreign method, which caught the people from Morning Dao Sect slightly off guard.

However, Morning Dao Sect was a sect that controlled an entire True World on its own, so its strength was definitely not something ordinary. Once they fended off the first wave of attacks launched by the Immortals' Union, they executed a violent counterattack.

Roars surged into the heavens from the battlefields throughout the entire true world. Loud bangs became the constant noise in True Morning Dao World. Cultivation planets shattered and numerous people died, causing a bloody stench to fill every single corner of True Morning Dao World.

Within the Immortals' territory was a sect called Hundred Flowers Sect. Every single person in it was either handsome or beautiful, and in the Immortals' world, this place was considered a small sect.

Seven hundred years ago, a man had entered this sect. He was a person with gentleness and elegance akin to a flower, and he was fond of having sunlight shine on the profile of his face, fond of playing around with flowers and plants, and fond of… forming ambiguous relationships with the female disciples in the sect, because they always communicated with each other as if they were flirting.

Seven hundred years ago, he had been an inner sect disciple in the sect. Seven hundred years later, he became a core disciple, but he still retained his personality. He was likable, but there were some who felt envious yet could not do nothing about it.

Of course, that envy came mostly from the men.

His name was Hua Yan Yue.

A man whose family name meant flower.

"Yue Er…" A woman's resigned voice came languidly from a garden in the mountain where Hundred Flower Sect was located.

"Please call me second senior brother…" A man with long hair dressed in a white long robe stood under the sun, and with a smile, he looked towards the woman who had a mature and charming elegance.

"I am your Master…" The woman sighed.

"But seven hundred years ago, you were my junior sister." The man shook his head and walked next to the woman. He helped her tug a lock of hair behind her ear, which had been made messy by the wind.

"Just like what you said previously, the Immortals' Union has waged a war against Morning Dao Sect… and I've organized plenty of small sects based on your request… Seven hundred years might not be a lot of time, but it's enough to make thirty-nine sects become our affiliates." The woman lowered her head. She did not resist the man's actions as she spoke softly.

"Then… has my slot on the ship heading to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence been confirmed?" the man asked softly while blowing into the woman's ear.

"I can't confirm it yet…" The woman instinctively took a step back.

"It's alright, but those from Morning Dao Sect acting as garrisons in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence should have already been summoned back, right?" The man smiled softly.

The woman raised her head, and with puzzlement in her voice, she asked him, "Why do you insist on going to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence? That place is a prison…"

The man shook his head and looked at the sky, not speaking.

At the bottom of his heart was a string of words, and they were words he could not say to the woman.

'Because my youngest junior brother is there…'

…..

Within True Morning Dao Sect was a galaxy that did not belong to the Immortals. That galaxy belonged to a race called Heaven's Howlers. Within that galaxy was a huge sect, and if anyone saw it from outside, they would find that it was formed by endless swords. It floated in the galaxy and surrounded a cultivation planet.

There was an incredibly distinct building on that planet. It was a huge sword whose half revealed outside was already one hundred thousand something feet tall. It penetrated through the planet, and even the tip of the sword itself was one hundred thousand something feet long. From the distance, the planet and the sword were incredibly eye-catching.

There were three hundred cultivators dressed in black robes sitting cross-legged around the sword. These cultivators had hoods covering their heads and did not move, but a murderous aura that surged into the sky was brewing around their bodies, as if they could cause the weather in the world to change and clouds as well as wind to surge the moment they stood up.

All of them appeared to be in the middle stage of World Plane Realm. In fact, any person could sense clearly that there was a seal contained within them, and if that seal was broken… no one knew just what sort of brilliance would explode from them.

Dong… dong… dong…

The beats of a war drum echoed swiftly in the area. As the sounds of the drum traveled outwards, the three hundred cultivators in the area gradually raised their heads.

Their gazes were all trained on the tip of the huge sword they surrounded. It might be blurry in their eyes, but a picture had already appeared in their heads.

In that picture were clouds that looked like they were hovering above the tip of the sword in the galaxy. Within those clouds was a person sitting cross-legged. Before him was a huge drum, and the beats came when he struck the drum with his right hand.

That person… did not have a head!

He was half-naked. His nipples served as his eyes, and his navel was his mouth. In his left hand was a battle axe of several dozens of feet. With his right hand clenched into a fist, he struck the drum.

He was known as Xing Gan by the people in the sect!

Seven hundred years ago, he had joined the sect, and during those seven hundred years, his level of cultivation rose at a pace that shocked everyone, but what cast them even more into disbelief was the fighting spirit this person possessed.

It was so strong that his murderous aura was so thick that it was enough to make a person feel as if they were cast into hell the moment they saw it. This was a Natural Fiend, a presence publicly acknowledged by all the cultivators in the sect.

The sounds of the drum were like thunder. As the booms surged into the sky, the headless Xing Gan stood up. At the moment he did so, his tall body caused the world to lose its color and all roars to fall silent.

Lightning crackled in the sky. As it illuminated the ground, the bolts of lightning formed a gigantic face in the sky.

"Heaven's Howler!" the headless man shouted out in a low growl that rumbled in all directions. His voice boomed in all directions and drowned out the thunder.

"You promised me that once I, Xing Gan, joined your sect, you would execute your divine ability and send me to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence!" As the man roared, the three hundred people under the sword stood up together. An indescribable murderous aura erupted from their bodies, and it was so strong that their presences connected together. A powerful aura then surrounded the sword. As it swept outwards in all directions, it filled the entire cultivation planet.

Anyone who looked over would find that the cultivation planet was surrounded by fog. It was formed from murderous aura, and it had manifested after the kismet in the place was chased away. Within that fog were countless vengeful spirits. There were men and women among them, as well as ferocious beasts and cultivators. They were all howling shrilly.

"Over the course of seven hundred years, I've killed one billion lives for you…" When the man at the tip of the sword said these words, the shrill cries from the illusory vengeful souls surrounding the cultivation planet grew even stronger. Needless to say… they were the one billion souls he had killed.

"When… are you going to send me to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence?!" he roared loudly.

At the instant he did so, the three hundred people on the ground raised their heads together and let out roars that shook the sky.

"When are you going to send me to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence?!" These three hundred people shouted in anger, and as they did so, the hoods over their heads were blown off by wind to reveal… bald heads filled with marks exuding the Shamans' presence. These three hundred people… were the souls of Nine Li!

The face formed by lightning in the sky remained silent as he looked at the man. In his eyes was a hint of high praise and deep respect. He then said in a low voice, "Once the war against Morning Dao Sect ends, I will personally send you to the Barren Lands of Divine Essence and help you search for your junior brother. If I go back on my word, then all Heaven's Howlers will face the disaster of extermination!"

"Alright…" the headless man at the tip of the sword agreed unhappily.

"Warriors of Nine Li, we… will go to war!"

"To war!" The ones who answered him were the three hundred people on the ground. Their roars surged into the sky and shook the lightning so much that huge waves of sound surged up.

…..

"Kill him!"

"Damn you, you bastard! How dare you ambush me?! I'll bite you to death!"

On a battlefield in the war between Morning Dao Sect and the Immortals' Union enraged roars rang in the air. Cultivators from Morning Dao Sect were all watching a man they had surrounded in shock.

The man was the height of three average men. He was abnormally built, and he had endless strength. The tiger skin he wore made it seem like he was a ferocious beast in the shape of a tiger from the distance, or maybe the manifestation of a tiger spirit.

At that moment, he had his teeth snapped tightly shut on a young cultivator who he had seized with his right hand. As the cultivator screamed in shrilly from pain, the tiger person ripped off a layer of his flesh, and with blood filling his mouth, he threw his head back and laughed.

"I don't even need to Enter any Dreams to kill every single one of you damn bastards! How dare you ambush me?! If you force me to a corner, I'll drag you all into my Dream!" The man lifted the cultivator in his hand, and with a roar, rushed at the people from Morning Dao Sect.

If he was just a reckless person, the cultivators would not have bothered with him, but as he moved forward, Runes continuously appeared under his feet. As they overlapped with each other, divine abilities were ceaselessly cast from them into the area, and there were light screens protecting them, making it difficult for others to fight back.

"Damn it, it's that person again! Just where did he come from?! He looks like a fool, but I've never seen an idiot having such great skills with Runes!"

"This person's Runes… can already gain corporeal form! How are we supposed to surround and kill him?!"

After a moment, the Morning Dao Sect cultivators in the area swiftly retreated and left the place while nursing grievances in their hearts. Their departure caused the people within the Immortals' Union to laugh loudly.

"Fellow Daoist Hu, how many did you kill this time?"

"That's right. Fellow Daoist Hu, every single time you rush out, you will draw a crowd over here. I've calculated the number this time. You should've killed twelve people, right?" There were several dozens of those from the Immortals' Union around the tiger person, and they were all smiling as they looked towards him.

There was a smug look on the man in tiger skin. He brought out a pot of wine from his bosom, and once he took a big swig from it, he let out a loud roar.

"I've killed fourteen!" He lifted the pot of wine and drank from it again. He was about to speak smugly when he lowered the pot and a shudder wrecked his body. He looked swiftly at a figure in the distance.

It was a person dressed in long black robes. He had his back turned towards the tiger person, and he had long hair. In his hands he held a long spear. He was a cultivator, and while he was not tall, he stood with his back straight. The tiger person took a swift step forward and seized the cultivator's shoulder. When the cultivator turned his head around, a fearful face was revealed before the man's eyes.

"Grandpa… Grandpa Hu, what is it?"

"Get lost! Don't you dare wear black in front of me ever again! And don't grow your hair so long! Don't use spears either!" As the man roared, he pushed the cultivator away, then picked up the pot of wine to drink from it again. However, no one saw that when he lifted his head, wine was not the only thing that flowed into his mouth. Tears flowed in as well.

"Youngest junior brother… are you well in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence? I miss you…"
