# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 945

He had time in his grasp, he imprisoned old age, keeping with him a period of time and a collection of beautiful memories…

In the fifth year since Su Ming had left Ninth Tribe…

A buzzing echoed in the galaxy as a colony of two-headed scorpions swarmed forward. They chased after two incredibly disheveled and pathetic-looking figures before them.

They were a man and a woman, Su Ming and Xu Hui.

"I told you a long time ago that we shouldn't take this path!"

"You only said it after we took this path."

"I did not!"

As the two fled, Xu Hui's grumbles rang in space. As their voices slowly faded into the distance, their figures also gradually vanished from sight as the colony of scorpions screeched.

In the seventh year…

Our figures were imprinted into the soul of the galaxy so that it would remember us—these words were turned into ripples of that beautiful period of time due to a man and woman named Su Ming and Xu Hui.

Enraged roars shook the galaxy. Three gigantic ferocious beasts that were originally hidden in the void roared and swam about two people. The woman's face was pale, and she held the man's hand in a tight grip.

"This is the path we chose after I listened to your suggestion."

"I was talking about another path!"

"You did not…"

Su Ming shook his head. When he closed his eyes, Ecang's projection manifested, and at the instant the three creatures in the void were shocked, he held Xu Hui's hand and left hastily into the distance.

In the tenth year...

Xu Hui appeared in the vast galaxy as if she had come out of thin air. There was anxiety on her face, and once she appeared, she immediately lowered her head. The worry in her eyes was incredibly clear.

Time trickled by with each breath she took. As Xu Hui's expression continued changing, she gritted her teeth. Just when she was about to step into the vortex, a hand suddenly stretched out of space. Xu Hui quickly grabbed it and yanked it outwards.

She immediately dragged Su Ming out of the vortex. He was an incredibly pathetic sight, but he had a handful of black fur in his left hand. That fur was burning fiercely, but Su Ming did not throw away that fur.

"That is a ferocious beast with power equivalent to a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, you… you…" Xu Hui immediately said in anger.

"So what if it's a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death?" Su Ming smiled, though this ended up in causing the injuries in his body to get worse. However, when he saw the black fur in his left hand, he still started laughing loudly.

"I can't use the vortex to Relocate anymore… but when I choose to use it again, then… I will subdue you!" Su Ming looked at the space under his feet. There was a vortex there, and enraged roars were coming from the distance.

In the thirteenth year...

In the galaxy, there was a ferocious beast of around forty thousand feet. That creature looked like a crocodile, but if anyone looked closely at it, they would find that it was a creature that could blend into space.

Yet at that moment, there was… a tent at the top of this ferocious beast's head.

Light spread out from within that tent. There was a pearl in there, and it was the one exuding the light. Underneath it sat Su Ming, who was meditating, and Xu Hui did the same thing by the side.

Clearly, during the past three years, they had somehow managed to subdue this creature and had had a lot less setbacks in their trip. However, based on how wretched the Void Beast currently looked, it was clear that it had suffered quite terribly during the year it was subdued.

Whines echoed in the quiet galaxy. Those sounds came from the Void Beast, and they were growing increasingly urgent. In the end, they were practically piercing to the ears.

"It's feeding time. Su Ming, go and feed it." Xu Hui opened her eyes.

"It's always me. You do it this time."

"That's my pet, I subdued it!" Xu Hui declared smugly.

Su Ming fell silent. After some time, he shook his head, got up, and walked out of the tent.

After a moment, the whines disappeared. When Su Ming returned to the tent, he saw the grinning Xu Hui and let out a fake cough.

"It's strange…" He only said these two words before he shook his head and stopped speaking.

"What's strange?" Xu Hui asked, puzzled.

"It's nothing." Su Ming closed his eyes.

Xu Hui blinked and asked again, "What's strange?"

"Do you really want to know?" Su Ming's eyes remained closed when he said this.

"Tell me, quickly."

"I find it strange that so many moles has grown on this Void Beast over the past few years," he stated expressionlessly. Once he finished speaking, he immersed his heart and soul in meditation, not bothering to look at Xu Hui's expression.

The seventeenth year…

At the perimeter of the inner parts of Divine Essence Star Ocean was a gigantic ring, and it could be seen clearly from the distance. That ring was formed by endless sparkling but shattered stars. They were grouped together and formed a circle, causing this place to look like a stellar stream.

There was a faint layer of fog in it, along with countless planets, so all those who saw this sight at first glance would be attracted, but once they looked at it for a prolonged period of time, they would slowly notice that in this region of this ring-shaped stellar stream, there were shapes in the fog, and they formed the contours of ferocious beasts. All who saw that would be shocked.

"We've finally reached the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean." Su Ming stood on the Void Beast and looked into the distance. By his side, Xu Hui had a solemn look on her face.

She remained silent for a moment before saying softly, "Heaven Traversers, Virtue Rooters, Reng Wu Race [1], and Dust Burners are the four venerated races in the inner parts of Divine Essence Star Ocean, and they have already lasted for an unknown number of years… With our power, it'll be very difficult… Or perhaps it should be said that it'll be impossible for us to even shake the foundations of these races."

"We'll have to try before we know." Su Ming smiled faintly. When he lifted his right hand, he patted his storage bag, and a jade slip immediately appeared in his hand. Once he cast it a few scrutinizing glances, he passed it to Xu Hui.

"Based on the plan I told you earlier, wait for me in the spot I marked on the map, then activate the Rune one month later!" Su Ming turned his head sideways to look at Xu Hui.

She hesitated for a moment before she raised her head to look at him. "I want to go with you."

"If you come, then who will activate the Relocation Rune?" Su Ming shook his head.

"Then tell me your full plan. Why do you need to activate a Relocation Rune a month later in a designated spot?" Xu Hui stared at Su Ming.

"I want to give the Heaven Traversers, who are the closest to us, a huge gift. The plan is set," Su Ming said calmly. With one move, he turned into a long arc that charged into the distance. In the blink of an eye, he was already far away, leaving behind the Void Beast and Xu Hui staring after him as he traveled into the distance.

Xu Hui remained silent for a moment, fusing into the void with the Void Beast only much later. They disappeared without a trace and headed to the spot marked on the map based on Su Ming's request.

Su Ming rushed through the inner parts of Divine Essence Star Ocean. As he charged forward, he had his Atman sweep through the entire area. Everything around him was incredibly unfamiliar. In fact, when Su Ming swept his Atman outwards, he could sense that there were plenty of ferocious beasts in the place, but most of them were in deep sleep. They seldom ventured out, which was why when he cast his gaze on the area, it was quiet.

"Heaven Traversers…" A glint appeared in Su Ming's eyes, and the descriptions of Heaven Traversers in Dijiu Mo Sha's jade slip appeared in his head.

This was a race that worshiped the heaven. It was made up of one hundred thousand something people which lived a primitive life and regarded the sky as their paragon. The divine abilities and Arts they practiced were completely different from those of other cultivators. They were somewhat similar to those of Berserkers and Shamans, but they had their own cultivation system.

However, no matter how many branches of cultivation systems there were, they would eventually converge into one. Despite them being different at the start, once a person reached a certain level of cultivation, they would end up walking the same road. This race also had cultivators in Lunar Kalpa Realm, Solar Kalpa Realm, and also… a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death.

'They believe in the will of heaven, and worship the sky, believing it to be their God. As long as the sky is around, they will not die and can then change the galaxy…' Su Ming's eyes sparkled, and he became even faster.

'They are dressed in long blue robes, since blue is the symbol of the sky to them and so they love this color. Since they have plenty of people and the environment here is different from the world outside, the Heaven Traversers… have wings!' The fierce cold look in Su Ming's eyes grew stronger.

With wings, Heaven Traversers were the lords of the sky!

'The records in Dijiu Mo Sha's jade slip are one thousand years old. After so much time had went by. I wonder how greatly Heaven Traversers have grown. One thousand years might not be that long, not enough for anything abnormal to happen to a race…

'But I'll still have to learn about them through trial and error to perfect my plan.' Su Ming smiled coldly. With one move, his speed increased exponentially, and after shifting once, he had already traveled an incredible distance.

Several days later, he entered the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean and into the territory belonging to the Heaven Traversers as indicated on the map.

Based on Dijiu Mo Sha's understanding, Heaven Traversers controlled 173 cultivation planets and nearly 5,200 floating continents in the northeast portion of Divine Essence Star Ocean. Even if the territory that belonged to them could even be considered one-ten-thousandth of Divine Essence Star Ocean, this territory was already enough for the Heaven Traversers to be known as one of the four venerated races.

After all, they were one of the four large tribes who dared to live in the inner parts of Divine Essence Star Ocean, and this was something known to the world outside, because there were plenty of ferocious beasts in this area. Compared to the tribes, the numbers and strength of the ferocious beasts exceeded the tribes by far too much.

The most dangerous beings in this area were not the tribes… but the ferocious beasts!

'The four venerated races are spread around the inner parts of Divine Essence Star Ocean. They are very close to each other. Heaven Traversers and Virtue Rooters are located in the northwest and southeast regions of the inner parts.

'Dust Burners are closer to the center. As for the most mysterious Reng Wu Race, all of them live at the center, and they exist together with the powerful ferocious beasts.

'The four venerated races have a way to communicate with each other so that they would have a sense of propriety. Since that's the case, Heaven Traversers are my first target.

'You chased down my Master in the past. Now… I, Su, have come forth to make you pay.'

Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes. With one move, he charged towards a black cultivation planet located ahead.

This planet was known as Outer Skies Planet, and it was located at the outermost layer of Heaven Traversers' territory.

Bang!

Su Ming moved like a shooting star and charged towards the planet. Before he even closed in, he already stirred up huge waves that surged into the heavens, forming layers of ripples that spread through the galaxy. They shook the area and caused loud booms.

These violent sounds turned into waves of impact that instantly charged towards the planet, causing the weather on the planet to change. Violent gusts blew, and as the ground trembled, the seas tumbled, and trees were torn apart.

Translator's Note:

1. Reng Wu Race: Reng (陾) means many and Wu (邬) is a family name.
