# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 949

As the ground withered and died, the pupils of the three Heaven Traversers in Lunar Kalpa Realm shrank, and their bodies froze for a moment in midair.

This pause was clearly not of their free will, but because their feet had started withering at that instant!

It was as if their feet had started withering with the planet's ground.

At the instant their expressions drastically changed, all the trees in the cultivation planet withered before shattering and returning to their previous dead state. Soon after, a large portion of the Heaven Traversers' skin began sinking. Then, in the blink of an eye, their hair fell off. As their bodies withered, they were reduced to merely skin and bones.

Disbelief appeared in their eyes, and they began fleeing rapidly without hesitation, but…

The ocean rumbled in the distance, and the moment a foggy layer appeared above the water, the seemingly vast ocean turned into a deep basin in the span of a breath. The decaying mud in the basin exuded a foul stench. Then, as if affected by the basin, a large amount of black patches appeared on the three Heaven Traversers. Black blood oozed out of those patches, and it was a terrifying sight to behold.

"What is this divine ability?!"

"Everything we saw was fake, and everything we now see is also fake! Don't look at the ground of the planet! We must leave this place! Once we reach the galaxy, this Art will naturally lose its effect!"

It was clear that this was the first time the trio had encountered such a bizarre divine ability. At that moment, they flapped their wings and had their power burst forth from their bodies to turn into three long arcs and charge into the sky.

The four cultivators in the distance were stunned by this scene. Their expressions changed swiftly, and as they retreated, they began flying into the sky.

Yet at that moment, Su Ming stood up from the withered ground, and his aloof voice tumbled out of his lips.

"I curse the sky that its color will be black from now onwards…"

When his words were spoken, the world roared, and the sky which originally appeared clear and bright was instantly torn apart. This was a veil that hid the truth, and now, once it was lifted, an expanse of sky filled with tumbling black clouds was revealed.

"I curse the falling rain that it would become dust that will cause the ground to decay."

When Su Ming spoke once again, black rain poured down from the sky. The raindrops brought with them incredible corrosive properties. If they touched a person's body, they would feel as if their bodies were being corroded.

The path of the three powerful Heaven Traversers in Lunar Kalpa Realm was blocked by the black clouds. The feathers on their wings also fell off at that instant the weather changed. Black smoke surrounded them, as if it wanted to corrode them.

The three people's faces were incredibly dark. They looked down and saw everything on the planet as well as the skeletons on the ground, along with… the dozens of dried up corpses that belonged to Heaven Traversers smiling at them.

These corpses floated in midair and were staring at them before pouncing on them as if they had been resurrected.

"Who are you?!" the woman shouted out in a sharp voice as she glared at Su Ming, who was on the ground staring at them with his head raised.

His long hair danced in the air, and purple light shone faintly in his eyes. His expression was calm, but the purple line at the center of his brows made it difficult for him to hide the strange and malicious air spreading out from him.

"You are the one who saw through my illusion." Su Ming smiled faintly, but it brought a chill to the spines of all who saw it, especially the four cultivators. Their expressions were solemn as they gathered together while staring at him warily.

They were groaning in their hearts. They had originally intended to rest in this place, but they had run into the Heaven Traversers. Although they gave them the slip, they then ran into an existence that seemed to be even more terrifying than Heaven Traversers.

Based on this person's clothes, he did not seem like a cultivator, but was a member of some tribe in Divine Essence Star Ocean, though they could not tell just which tribe he came from.

"He's only someone who has attained great completion in World Plane Realm. We'll attack him at full strength. Once we kill him, we'll be able to break out of this illusion."

A glint appeared in the woman's eyes. Once she said her plan, she charged down at Su Ming from the sky. The two men behind her gritted their teeth, and the full power of those in Lunar Kalpa Realm erupted from their bodies. When the illusory water moon and burning fire moon appeared clearly behind them, they took a step forward, turned into long arcs that rushed at Su Ming.

"An illusion, hmm?" Su Ming said faintly. "This was a grand feast prepared for your Progenitor, but the three of you… can join it beforehand.

"Planet who is so starved you are near death, the life force from these three should be able to let you recover by quite a large margin. Are you going to protect the Heaven Traversers you acknowledged… or absorb the life force of these life forms you acknowledged?

"This your choice."

Su Ming smiled, but it was an incredibly malicious expression. He was not someone who had been acknowledged by the planet, which was why it was difficult for the planet to form a connection with him and absorb his life force through it… but it was different for Heaven Traversers.

Once Su Ming spoke, a feeble buzz that was full of rage shot out from the ground and echoed in the world. Su Ming could hear this roar, and all the other people in the area could hear it as well.

This was the roar from the spirit of the planet as it struggled with itself.

As its roar echoed in the air and the trio closed in from the sky, Su Ming laughed. His laughter fused with the roar from the ground, exuding a domineering air and a malicious presence that surged into the skies.

Almost at the instant his laughter traveled outwards, the roars from the ground became even more intense, and the trio coming towards him from the sky spotted drastic changes in their expressions. Large parts of their bodies began withering swiftly, for their life force started being absorbed by the sky in an unseen manner at a speed that left them in disbelief.

It was as if they were rejected by the planet. However, it was not due to Su Ming's actions, but the spirit of the planet devouring them for its own survival.

It was devouring all the beings that it had acknowledged and who had acknowledged it in return.

An average cultivator would immediately have his or her body and soul destroyed if he or she was devoured in this manner, but powerful warriors in Lunar Kalpa Realm had the qualification to fight against this force devouring them, but the prerequisite to fight against it… was to cut off the connection formed between them and the planet after they had acknowledged each other.

The hundred something planets within the territory of the Heaven Traversers had always had a strange connection with the tribe's people since ancient times. This connection was formed based on an agreement accepted by both parties. The planets would provide whatever Heaven Traversers needed to practice cultivation, while Heaven Traversers would provide protection and time for growth for the spirits of the planets.

Yet this connection that had existed for a long period of time was completely broken off by the three Heaven Traversers as they roared in anger.

As powerful warriors in Lunar Kalpa Realm, when the three of them worked together, they possessed the right to revoke the agreement they had formed with a planet.

While withering, the three powerful Heaven Traversers in Lunar Kalpa Realm revealed conflicted looks on their faces before pressing their right hands against the center of their brows and their left hands against their chests. Once they did so, they gritted their teeth and spoke.

"I, son of La Song Ya, Song Yan, represent the descendants of La Song Ya in revoking the agreement between us and Outer Skies Planet!"

"I, son of Dong Nuo, Dong Tao, represent the descendants of Dong Nuo in revoking the agreement between us and Outer Skies Planet!"

"I, daughter of Yan Di Fei, Ruo Ke, represent the descendants of Dong Nuo in revoking the agreement between us and Outer Skies Planet!"

At the instant they said these words, the roar from the ground turned into one of sorrow. This mournful cry reverberated through the entire cultivation planet, and the suction force surrounding the trio disappeared.

Su Ming smiled and shook his head, then took a step forward. He shifted, appearing right in front of the man with the water moon. He raised his right hand, clenched his fist, and hurled a punch forward.

At the instant he did so, Divine Essence Runic Symbols appeared swiftly in his eyes. Because of that, his punch burst forth with the power of Lunar Kalpa Realm when it landed on air, despite the fact that the power contained within the fist when Su Ming had thrown it in the beginning only possessed the force those who had attained great completion in World Plane Realm.

The man with the water moon retreated swiftly. A ferocious look appeared on his face, and the water moon seeped through his body to charge towards Su Ming.

In the blink of an eye, the water moon crashed into Su Ming's fist.

Bang!

The man with the water moon coughed up blood and started falling backwards like a kite whose string had snapped in the wind. Su Ming swayed and was forced two steps back. When he raised his head, the fighting spirit in his eyes burned even greater.

"As expected of Heaven Traversers, a venerated race indeed. Even after having a considerable amount of your life force sucked out from your bodies and the Curse corroding your internal organs, you were still able to bring forth such great amount of Lunar Kalpa power."

Su Ming smiled. At the same time, the other two Heaven Traversers in Lunar Kalpa Realm closed in on him from two different directions. The fire moon and flower moon became a source of bright light in this darkened world at that instant.

The Divine Essence Runic Symbols shone in Su Ming's eyes. They rose and fell in waves on his body, causing his level of cultivation to rise once again. At the same time, another presence appeared around Su Ming's body. It was… Ecang's presence.

When that it appeared, Su Ming's offensive abilities rose once again, and he broke through Lunar Kalpa Realm. He took a step forward, and with an indescribable speed, he appeared behind the retreating man with the water moon and grabbed his wings. With one vicious yank, he ripped off the man's wings in the mid of the man's pained screams.

Blood gushed out. Su Ming raised his right hand. With a speed akin to lightning and power equivalent to those in Solar Kalpa Realm, he pointed with his index finger at the back of the head of the man with the water moon.

Bang!

The man's head exploded, but his Nascent Divinity had left his body beforehand and was fleeing swiftly. Su Ming looked over at it with an aloof gaze.

"Do the four of you want to live?"

Once Su Ming said that, the four cultivators who had been watching everything immediately turned pale. Expressions of conflict appeared on their faces, but soon, they gritted their teeth and chased after the fleeing man with the water moon. The person called Xuan Shang was the fastest. His body flashed once before he struck his forehead and spat out a pearl.

That pearl instantly rushed towards the Nascent Divinity of the man with the water moon. It closed in on him within an instant and crashed with a bang, causing that Nascent Divinity to let out a shrill cry. At the same time, the pearl exploded and turned into a huge net that enveloped the Nascent Divinity of the man with the water moon inside.

"Hua Yu!"

Xuan Shang's face was pale. Clearly, he had used up all his strength in the attack just then. At that moment, he let out a low growl, and a man in white by his side spotted a glint in his eyes before he rushed to the Nascent Divinity of the man with the water moon. Once he closed in, he raised his right hand, and a crack appeared on his palm.

"Seal his soul!"

The crack was like a gaping mouth. At the instant he pushed his palm towards that Nascent Divinity, the shrill screams from the man with the water moon fell silent, and his Nascent Divinity was devoured by the hand.
