# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 951

Ten breaths before the explosion, Su Ming sat cross-legged on the withered Outer Skies Planet. He was waiting for the powerful warrior who would definitely come to him. This was one of the reasons why he came to Heaven Traversers.

He wanted… to fight against a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death!

He would fight against him with his full strength, and he would definitely lose… But even if he was definitely going to lose, Su Ming still wanted to fight. He wanted to see the difference between him and a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death. He also… wanted to figure out the strength of Heaven Traversers!

He wanted to know how many Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death they had. If there was still only one, then Su Ming would execute his plan. If there was more than one, he would need to change his plan.

Time passed breath by breath. When the sixth breath arrived, Su Ming lifted his head. Divine Essence Runic Symbols sparkled in his eyes before they filled his whole body within an instant. At the same time, his lips curled up into a cold sneer. He raised his arms and pushed his hands at the ground.

With it, his body swiftly shot up from the ground. Soon, the planet roared. As cracks continued spreading through the ground, a destructive power erupted from the planet.

At that moment, a cold harrumph came from thin air. As it echoed, the black clouds in the sky started tumbling about and turned into a vortex. Su Ming then saw… an endless amount of earth in the sky, the sort of earth formed after someone was buried under it!

Perhaps it was better to say that this was not earth, but a boundless palm. This was… Heaven Traversers' Master of Fate, Lives, and Death coming over.

"You're finally here!"

Su Ming threw his head back and laughed. When he jumped up, the destructive power of the planet beneath him became stronger. At that moment, if anyone watched from the galaxy, they would have seen that there was a group of meteors charging towards Outer Skies Planet. They were packed densely together, and it was unknown how many of them there were. They were incredibly quick, and in an instant, they approached Outer Skies Planet.

They surrounded it, and as they connected to each other, they formed a gigantic palm that was several times bigger than the planet. Once this palm was lifted, it went to seize Outer Skies Planet, and judging by its momentum, it seemed like it wanted to crush the planet.

Yet right at the moment the palm touched it, the planet… collapsed. The impact from the explosion, and the destructive power crashed against the palm made of meteors.

Deafening booms echoed through the entire galaxy, so even the four cultivators who had escaped far into the distance could hear the sound clearly.

Despite that bang, the huge meteor palm did not stop moving, and the cold harrumph still echoed in space. The palm had seized the collapsing planet, so it was hard to tell clearly whether the planet had exploded by itself or had been crushed by the palm.

Despite that, the meteor palm did not stop moving and started closing up to seize the planet's pieces. It seemed as if the owner of that palm was certain that the power that had caused the planet to collapse was in the shattered pieces, along with the culprit who had killed Heaven Traversers.

"A Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, hmm?" a low voice said from the shattered planet.

That voice was calm, and there was no rise or fall in its tone to indicate any emotions. If anyone looked at the shattered planet at that moment, they would clearly see a man standing on one of the shattered continents, his hair fluttering in space.

Needless to say, this man was Su Ming.

"You're just asking for death!" an aloof voice said in space. The meteor palm then moved even faster. In the blink of an eye, it closed in on Su Ming as if it wanted to bury him together with the shattered planet in space.

"Just who exactly is asking for death?!" At the instant Su Ming spoke, Ecang's projection manifested around him. The huge shadow of the gigantic tree swiftly appeared in the universe and crashed into the hand moving to seize him.

Booming sounds spread through the area at that instant. The hand crashed into Ecang's projection, then froze momentarily. As Ecang's projection trembled, it looked as if it was about to collapse. It swayed violently, and blood could be seen trickling out of the corners of Su Ming's mouth where he stood under the projection.

"Ecang…" an aloof voice said from space, but the owner of the voice could not be seen. "Even if you have Ecang's blood, those who offend Heaven Traversers have to die."

As the voice spread out, the gigantic meteor hand tightened its grip once again and crushed the Ecang projection with a bang. Su Ming shuddered and coughed up a mouthful of blood. With a pale face, he retreated swiftly, but there was no panic in his eyes, only calmness.

The Ecang projection behind him appeared once again and continuously crashed into the palm coming to seize him. The booming sounds that rang in space rose and fell, and every single time they collided with each other, Su Ming's body would tremble. He could sense the great strength within the palm, but similarly, he also sensed that the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death was not as strong as the one from the four Great True Worlds acting as a garrison in the Barren Lands of Divine Essence.

Su Ming needed about a dozen something breaths for his clone to truly arrive from the moment his projection appeared. To him, this time was really nothing. In truth, his preparations beforehand had been perfect, and his Ecang clone could arrive at any moment.

But he did not do so.

He stood and watched the Ecang projections be destroyed repeatedly while the giant palm closed in on him. It replaced the sky, the galaxy, and everything else, but he still did not have his Ecang clone appear.

Because he noticed that each time his Ecang projection crumbled, the projection that would appear next would be much stronger than before, just like how a normal piece of metal would need to be refined thousands of times before it turned into steel that would not bend or break. This was a form of refinement.

Booms echoed in the air. After the umpteenth time Su Ming's Ecang projection reappeared after being destroyed, the meteor hand had almost clenched into a fist. When Su Ming cast his gaze around the area, everything he saw around him was the meteor hand, and it looked as if he had nowhere to run and nowhere to hide!

If anyone looked from the galaxy, they would be able to see that as the gigantic meteor hand continued furling into a fist, it looked about to crush everything in its palm, including the planet, all its lives, and the galaxy around it.

At that instant, Su Ming raised his head, and the purple line at the center of his brows opened. Purple light shone from it, and the Malicious Eye appeared. In an instant, the meteor hand above him was magnified endlessly in his eyes. As it was continuously enlarged, he saw the cracks in it.

Su Ming's gaze focused, and he leaped up at full speed, even calling back his Ecang projection and having it fuse with him, making him even faster. He flew out in an instant. When a loud bang reverberated through the entire galaxy that belonged to Heaven Traversers and the meteor palm clenched its fist to crush everything, Su Ming flew out from the crack he had seen with his Malicious Eye!

From the distance, a long arc could be seen flying out from the palm when the gigantic meteor hand seized the galaxy. At the same time, a grim voice came from Su Ming's mouth.

"Ecang!"

Once he said it, the illusory projection of the Ecang tree immediately appeared behind him. It swiftly became clear, and a man with purple hair walked out from within!

This man's appearance instantly caused the universe to tumble about, the world to roar, and the galaxy to look as if huge waves had appeared within it. Endless visible ripples appeared in the galaxy around the purple-haired man. These ripples fell back together, though a normal person would not be able to tell just what these ripples were.

However, Su Ming knew that these ripples were the laws in this galaxy. At that moment, the laws were being forcefully expelled as Su Ming's Ecang clone appeared in the area, as if the galaxy had become Ecang's territory once it arrived. Within this territory, all laws, all wills, and all rules would work only due to Ecang's will.

A long purple robe, long purple hair… and a purple eye at the center of his brows!

At the instant Su Ming's Ecang clone appeared, his cultivation base clone moved, and his clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole walked out of his cultivation base clone. With Su Ming's soul as a guide, these three clones of his overlapped in the galaxy.

As they did that and turned into one, Su Ming raised his head, and a sinister smile appeared at the corners of his lips. A wave of deep malice spread out from his body, as if his existence alone was the source of all evil in the world. It looked as if all light was replaced by a dark shade of purple at the spot where he stood.

His power rose ceaselessly from Solar Kalpa Realm, and even though he still had yet to become a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, he was already infinitesimally close to it. An ancient presence also spread out from his body, and this feeling of age filled up the entire area, as if it could even cause the galaxy to fall into decay.

With a sinister smile, Su Ming raised his right hand and seized space. Immediately, a white stone appeared on his right palm. Naturally, that stone was the Enchanted Treasure he had obtained from the Yu Family - Peace Arrives When the Elephant is Here!

He raised his left hand above his head, and when the universe trembled, a huge mountain appeared in Su Ming's left hand. That mountain… was Dao Avenue Mountain!

At the same time, a vast amount of purple fog spread out from Su Ming's feet. It swept in all directions while rumbling and filled the galaxy, changing it to Ecang's galaxy within an instant.

"I want to fight you!" Su Ming looked at a spot in space in the distance, and a figure gradually appeared before his eyes.

It was a middle-aged man with long blue hair, dressed in a long, light blue robe. This man was incredibly handsome… and he had no wings. There was wisdom in his eyes, and it could make others feel as if they were in another galaxy when they looked into them, and they would be unable to free themselves from it.

The man's lips were thin, giving him a slightly unkind expression, which turned into a callous air about him. He looked at Su Ming calmly.

"Should I call you Ecang… or Tian Xie Zi's disciple?" the middle-aged man asked flatly.

"So you've been here since a long time ago." Su Ming smiled faintly.

"Leave behind your hands and feet. I will make an allowance for Ecang and let you leave with your head."

The middle-aged man's expression remained calm. As he spoke, his tone allowed no refusal. When his voice traveled outwards, the purple fog around Su Ming tumbled, and in the galaxy where laws had been chased away, laws appeared once again, but this time, they belonged to the middle-aged man.
