# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 953

Execution of Three Evils, an Art which could even kill Tai Sui!

The three evils were also known as the three murders.

Between heaven and earth, there were three forces - Sever, Beginning, and Nurture. Sever was known as the evil of theft, Beginning was known as the evil of disaster, and Nurture was the evil of time!

They were also known as the murders of theft, disaster, and time!

This was the Execution of Three Evils Su Ming had learned when he was in Dark Mountain.

Su Ming had used this Art in the past to break the divine ability his elder had placed in the house to lock him up when he was in Wind Stream Tribe. He brought forth the power of murder of theft and broke the screen of light that sealed him in the house. That was the first time he had used the Execution of Three Evils.

At that time, he had not understood the fundamentals of this Art.

The final time he executed this Art had been in the land of Shamans. When he opened the gap to the mountain, he lured in the miasma in the area and turned it to Yin Aura, causing the corner of the mountain range to seem like a breathing dragon. Because of it, he changed the pattern in the area and brought about the power of the murder of disaster to the area, laying down a Rune formed out of nature itself.

Su Ming had executed the Art after he had gained a deeper understanding towards the Execution of Three Evils.

Now, Su Ming cast this Art once again in Divine Essence Star Ocean. But this time, he had come to truly understand this Art. It was not a normal Art… but a Master of Fate's Art!

This Art could cut the laws of heaven, could change the patterns of the world, could disrupt the harmony between Yin and Yang, could overturn the universe, could go up against the heavens… The core of this divine ability was in truth using the slashes contained within the Art to eventually separate a person's kismet and fate from the galaxy itself.

Once all of a person's connections to the universe were separated and they became an isolated, lonely presence, Su Ming could make it so that the person would seem to have lost their eyes and roots, so that they would not be able to exist harmoniously with the universe.

It would be as if he had separated the person from his fate, causing him to be unable to control it. Hence, it would perhaps be more accurate to say that the Execution of Three Evils more apt name would be Execution of Three Fates!

"You only managed to control the fate that lies around me, but you can't control my personal fate, that is why…" Su Ming lifted his head and stared at Heaven Traversers' Progenitor with understanding in his eyes. His expression was calm. Even though the overlapping shadows of his clones were still being torn from him, this pain was something Su Ming could ignore.

Because he had found the strongest Art buried in his memories among his divine abilities through this battle. As Su Ming swung his right hand down in a slash, he took a step forward. At the same time, the ends of his hair started to turn white.

"This is the Realm that belongs to a Master of Fate. Fate is law. With my first slash, I will cut the evil of theft and have it fuse with the universe. Fate will act as its guide. If there is no fate, then the evil of disaster will not exist in the universe. There is a connection between fate and theft, and now… I will cut your fate with the universe!"

The galaxy roared. The expression of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor changed for the first time. When Su Ming executed his first slash, ripples that surged into the heavens rose around Heaven Traversers' Progenitor. These ripples continued spreading outwards, making it seem as if endless threads had appeared around him. These threads were all in the form of rings and were spreading outwards continuously, looking like waves.

The fate in the universe Su Ming had cut off was the law of fate connecting Heaven Traversers' Progenitor with the universe. He could see clearly that there seemed to be an invisible blade around Heaven Traversers' Progenitor that was swinging down and cutting all the threads. In the blink of an eye, as the blade swept through the area, the galaxy tumbled and fell backwards like waves.

At that moment, Su Ming finished taking his first step and stepped into the area seventy thousand feet away from the Heaven Traversers' Progenitor. The Progenitor's expression changed, and a third of Su Ming's hair turned white, but he did not stop. He took his second step and moved forward once more.

"With my second slash, I will cut the evil of disaster. Disaster stays in earth and comes from the ground. It originates from the spot beneath our feet and is hidden in space. With this slash… I will cut your fate with space!" Su Ming raised his right hand, and without any hesitation, he executed his second slash.

The galaxy immediately swayed intensely, as if the universe had been overturned and the cosmos were going through a transformation. All laws and rules dissipated within a moment. Numerous ripples appeared in the space under the feet of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor again, but when Su Ming executed his second slash, these ripples shattered, as if the connection between Heaven Traversers' Progenitor and space had been cut.

The fate of the universe and the fate of space might seem like abstract concepts, but in truth, the cosmos were formed from endless universes and spaces. When these two fates were cut, it would mean that… Su Ming had segregated Heaven Traversers' Progenitor from the galaxy in the area, causing him to lose his connection with it in this place.

This was Heaven Traversers' galaxy, so all the cultivation planets here as well as the galaxy here had acknowledged them. Su Ming's actions thus had forcefully cut off this acknowledgement and this law of fate.

At that moment, Su Ming finished taking his second step and stepped into the area thirty thousand feet away from Heaven Traversers' Progenitor. A two thirds of his hair then had turned white, and the ancient air about him was incredibly distinct. All of this might have seemed to have occurred over a long period of time, but in truth, when it happened, it only lasted for a few breaths before it was over.

"With my third slash, I will cut the evil of time. I will cut your fate with the galaxy. You still have the concept of time in your head, and because of it, your shadow will last in the passage of time in this place. If time has a spirit, then everything about you will exist within the memories of this spirit. With this slash, I will cut off your fate with time!"

At the instant Su Ming lifted his foot swiftly to take his third step, the galaxy looked as if it had been overturned. Heaven Traversers' Progenitor threw his head back and let out a furious roar. This sound was astonishingly loud, and it shook Su Ming so much that he coughed up blood, but it did not manage to prevent him from taking that last step forward and slashing down the third time with his right hand.

Slash!

The universe changed. A cyclone centered around Heaven Traversers' Progenitor swept outwards with a loud bang. The galaxy where that cyclone passed through looked as if it was suffering from time reversal, all of its memories being wiped off. Once the cyclone disappeared, the shadow of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor no longer existed in the passages of time in the spot where the Progenitor stood, and the connection between the galaxy and the Progenitor could no longer be found.

Su Ming's Execution of Three Evils was not aimed at Heaven Traversers' Progenitor, but the universe, the galaxy, space, and time. That was why Heaven Traversers' Progenitor could not fight against it. In fact, the divine ability Su Ming executed at that moment was one that the Progenitor had never seen before; it was the first time he saw the likes of it. In fact, from this divine ability, he sensed two emotions that had been long absent from his life - fear and wariness!

What Su Ming had cut was the passage of time in the galaxy, but he also indirectly cut… the fate of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor!

Bang!

When Su Ming took his third step, his hair turned completely white, and some signs of time appeared on his face, but the overlapping shadows of the three clones on his body disappeared and returned to their original state. He stood at a spot nearly a thousand feet away from Heaven Traversers' Progenitor, and as his foot landed, Su Ming raised his right hand before he hurled a punch through the air in the direction of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor.

This was a punch delivered by his cultivation base clone, his clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole, and his Ecang clone. At the instant it came hurling forward, Ecang's projection manifested behind Su Ming. Booming sounds shot up, shaking the sky and earth and causing the galaxy to tremble. A large number of cracks appeared in it as the punch charged swiftly towards Heaven Traversers' Progenitor.

Before, the Progenitor hadn't even needed to attack. With just the use of words and the power of the fate's law in the universe as well as all manner of living, he had been able to render Su Ming almost completely unable to fight back. Now, the Progenitor spotted a change in his expression. He raised his right hand, then swung it in Su Ming's direction, who was coming towards him with his fist in the air.

With it, an incredibly large palm appeared in front of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor while the universe roared. That palm stood vertically in the galaxy, and as if it was being pushed forward, it charged towards Su Ming. Wherever it passed through, the galaxy would be broken. In the blink of an eye, it crashed against Su Ming's punch.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Deafening sounds rang in space. Su Ming coughed up blood. Once he staggered several tens of thousands of feet backwards, he coughed up blood again, but there was a ferocious smile on his lips, and a brilliant light shone in his eyes.

As for Heaven Traversers' Progenitor, his expression was as dark as a swamp. He might not even be swaying, but from the expressions of both his and Su Ming's faces, it was clear that he… was at a disadvantage!

Because he could no longer use fate and was forced to use the power of a Master of Fate to force Su Ming back. This was the same as someone sealing up his divine abilities and making him fight only using his physical strength.

A runic symbol had appeared at the center of his brows. This runic symbol looked as if it was branded on his forehead. It did not appear just then, but it chose this moment to manifest. However, this runic symbol was dull and lusterless. Su Ming could see countless threads floating around it, trying to connect with the threads of the universe, galaxy and the passage of time Su Ming had cut off just then. But the separation between it and the galaxy caused it… to be unable to connect with those threads.

This item was incredibly discordant with Heaven Traversers' Progenitor, as if it had been forcefully branded to the center of his brows. Clearly… this was not something that came from the Progenitor himself, but was a treasure from an external source.

In truth, he had only completed a small part of the Mastery Realm and could not compare to the person Su Ming met in the past, who had fully completed the Mastery Realm [1]. The Progenitor had been able to step into the Fate Realm because of this item, which allowed him to control the fate of the universe and all manner of living.

However, by doing so, his level of cultivation came to a stop, and he would never be able to control his own fate like the truly powerful warriors who had completed the Fate Realm. If he had been able to control his own fate, Su Ming would not have been able to cut the law of fate around him with the current Execution of Three Evils.

"This is your true power, it is also the reason why you were more difficult to deal with even though you gave me a feeling that you were weaker than the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death I met in the past."

Su Ming wiped off the blood at the corners of his mouth. Without bothering about his white hair, he said flatly while standing tens of thousands of feet away, "How does it feel like to have the laws of fate cut from you?"

"I underestimated you. This Art created to specifically cut fate is incredibly rare… and can only be executed after you offer up your life force. When you executed it, you must have lost quite a large amount of your life force. But… even so, with the supreme power I possess in Mastery Realm, I can still kill you."

The killing intent in the eyes of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor grew incredibly strong. At that moment, he no longer regarded Su Ming with the same scorn and inattentiveness as he did moments ago. Instead, he looked at Su Ming as an equal, and an incredible amount of greed also rose in his heart.

He knew well just how rare the divine abilities to cut fate were in the world, and the Art Su Ming executed just then was one he had never seen before. This caused him to be unable to help but desire to possess that Art.

He took a step forward. His supreme physical power burst forth from his body, and it could be said that the body of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor reached a state where he would not be destroyed if the world did not perish, and where he could not fall into decay if the universe did not rot.

Translator's Note:

1. Mastery Realm, Fate Realm, Life Realm, and Death Realm: Mastery Realm is Mastery Realm. There is no short form for it. It's the first Realm for the Master of Fate, Lives, and Death.

Fate Realm is the Rise and Fall of Fate.

Life Realm is Reincarnation of Life, not Life Cultivation Realm, they are two completely different Realms.

Death Realm is Death of the Universe.
