# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 957

In the deeper parts of Divine Essence Star Ocean were three planets. For some unknown reason, they had become connected together in the passage of time.

Xuan Shang and the other three cultivators were cautiously heading forward. Their expressions were of extreme vigilance, and they were occasionally observing their surroundings.

"There's something off about this place. There's a ruthless presence in this galaxy…" the person called Yun You said in a low voice.

"Perhaps it's due to the battle those two terrifying people instigated…"

"Quiet. Based on the marks on the map, Violent Flame Beasts are within these connected planets. The creatures are usually deep in sleep, so as long as we don't bother them, we will be safe."

The four of them fell silent. While their hearts beat nervously, they slowly approached the connected planets. Their actions made it clear that they were aiming for some sort of item in the planets, or else they could have just circumnavigated this place.

"Is the map accurate? Is the Flame Fiend really there?"

"It should be correct. We also saw it when we were on our way here. Now, as long as we can obtain Flame Fiend's blood, we will be able to open the Violent Sun Path leading to the Dust Burners."

The four of them spoke to each other softly while slowly approaching the connected planets. Suddenly, a piercing screech came from the connected planets. The ruthlessness and heat within that voice caused the expressions of the four people to change drastically, and without any hesitation, they retreated, rapidly casting their divine abilities. With nervousness, they prepared for a huge battle.

However, the scene they saw next made the four instantly lose all their will to fight. Terror appeared on their faces, and they brought forth a speed that was equivalent to the one they mustered when they were avoiding Su Ming. They coughed up blood and instantly executed Fleeing Blood, intending to hastily leave the area.

Because they saw…

Shadows of flames rushing out with loud howls from the connected planets. Within them were ferocious beasts in the shape of wolves. They formed large packs and numbered to about one hundred thousand. They rushed out together, and this sight was enough to shock all those who saw it.

Behind them were tens of thousands of human-shaped living beings. Their bodies were enveloped in flames, but there was indeed a person within those flames. However, these people's eyes were gray, and there no sign of life within them. Yet there was no aura of death in them either.

Some of them possessed wings, and some were cultivators. Some of them were members of the tribes in Divine Essence Star Ocean and were part of the alien races. All of them had been killed by the ferocious beasts in these connected planets over the course of countless years, and their bodies had been Possessed by Flame Fiends.

This scene was enough for the skins of the four cultivators to crawl. The shadow of death loomed over their heads and hearts, and even after they executed Fleeing Blood, broken smiles still appeared on their faces. In fact, before they even had the time to regret anything, they already made preparations to self-destruct.

They would rather die than become those puppets and be Possessed by Flame Fiends.

However, the hundred thousand something flame wolves, tens of thousands of puppets Possessed by Flame Fiends, and the flames they brought about in their wake did not even spare a glance at the four people at their doorstep. Instead, as they roared, they charged forward as if they had gone mad.

The four cultivators stood by the side of these ferocious beasts and watched wide-eyed as they were ignored and the creatures left into the distance. The cultivators were completely stunned.

The four of them looked at each other, speechless.

They remained silent for a moment before Xuan Shang mumbled, "What happened?"

"Could it be that a supreme treasure has appeared?!" Yun You immediately exclaimed, and his eyes shone with a bright light.

"That should be the case, or else the swarm of Flame Fiends wouldn't have ignored us."

"Yes, judging by their looks, they were very anxious… All of them must have left their nest!" The four of them exchanged glances, seeing the excitement in each other's eyes.

With shining eyes, they immediately turned into four long arcs that charged towards the connected planets. After a moment, they flew out, and when they did so, excitement could be seen on their faces. Clearly, they had not expected that things would go so smoothly for them.

They had successfully obtained the blood they needed in the connected planets. It might not be very fresh, but it was sufficient.

At that moment, there were two choices before them. They could leave and head to Dust Burners… or search for the swarm of Flame Fiends and see just what sort of supreme treasure it was that attracted these creatures, but there was a danger in the latter choice.

However, cultivators constantly ran into all sorts of dangers in the universe as they continued growing. This was something natural to them. After discussing among themselves in low murmurs, they made their choice.

They turned into long arcs and charged at full speed towards the direction where the Flame Fiends had headed. They wanted to see just what sort of supreme treasure it was. It would be best if they had the chance to obtain it, but even if they did not, it would still be better than avoiding it.

They had already obtained the Flame Fiend's blood and they now had freedom in their actions. If they ran into danger, they would not need to be bothered about anything and could just run at full speed. In fact, they had already discussed among themselves where they would meet if they parted ways.

As the four people charged ahead to search for the Flame Fiends' tracks, they dashed forth at full speed. About two hours later, their footsteps came to an abrupt halt. They had already been stunned once on that day, but now, they felt their jaws falling slack due to shock for the second time.

They heard indescribable roars, and they came from a swarm of ferocious beasts numbering to seven hundred thousand. They were all letting out astonishing roars, and the four cultivators saw a huge ocean in the distant galaxy.

That ocean was formed by ferocious beasts of various types occupying the entire galaxy. Among them were the Flame Fiends, but most of the ferocious beasts there were creatures that the four cultivators did not recognize. Yet the presence and mighty pressure coming from them as well as the feeling they gained from the Flame Fiends were enough to make their hearts beat with fear.

The edge of this sea of ferocious beasts could not be seen. The only thing they could see was… a bald crane that was being chased down in a frenzy at the front of this swarm of beasts. There was also a huge dog behind it, and they were both fleeing at a breakneck speed.

The four cultivators could not help but stare in shock. They watched the incredibly dazzling bald crane in dumbfoundedness as it shook its bum to lure the swarm of beasts in an incredibly coquettish manner.

"Is it in heat?" one of the four cultivators instinctively asked.

Soon, the bald crane's loud cries reached their ears from the distance.

"Damn you all! Come, chase after your Grandpa Crane! I'll trounce all of you! I'm invincible! I'm the greatest crane in the universe!"

Due to extreme terror, the bald crane suffered a mental breakdown. It could only continue shouting so that it would not fall limp due to its fear.

"I've walked through the universe and ran into all sorts of things! What are you?! You're not birds! I am the true bird here… Come! Come on! Make this beast swarm greater! I'll pummel all of you!" the bald crane roared and shook its butt fiercely while flying even faster. The dog that was the Abyss Dragon had already reached its limit while running and was incredibly exhausted at that moment, but it did not dare to relax. The beast swarm behind it made it think that if it relaxed, it would immediately be torn to shreds.

'Well damn me, why have I never discovered that I'm actually so fast?'

Not for the first time, this question rose in Abyss Dragon's mind as it charged forward. It did not know that their speed had been increased as Su Ming's Atman continued circulating in the bald crane's body. This was also one of the reasons why Su Ming dared to have them lure the beast swarm.

Their fatigue was mostly distributed between Su Ming and the Duke of Crimson Flame, or else the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon would have been caught a long time ago.

As the bald crane fled from the roaring beast swarm behind it, it asked loudly, "How many of them now?! Tell your Grandpa Crane!"

"Seven hundred thousand to eight hundred thousand! Maybe a few more or less!" the Abyss Dragon immediately roared.

"Damn it, damn it…" The bald crane was immediately in conflict once more. It did not dare to look back. It was afraid that at the moment it looked, it would faint in terror.

While feeling conflicted, the bald crane swiftly asked, "Say, just how many crystals do you think a venerated race would have?"

"No matter what, there would be around thirty to fifty million…" The Abyss Dragon turned its head back to sneak a glance at the beast swarm behind it, and already regretted promising Su Ming to do this. In its eyes, this was the same as it risking its own life. At just the slightest mistake, it would die here.

"DAMN IT ALL!!!"

When the bald crane heard these words, it was immediately stimulated. The conflict it felt in its heart instantly disappeared, and the light from crystals completely replaced the original shine in its eyes.

"I can get nine-tenths with the beasts I've lured now, so by one-tenth less, I will lose from three million to five million crystals. I won't allow it! I absolutely won't allow myself to lose three million to five million crystals! I'll give it my all! Abyss Dragon, do you want your Dragon Tendon to be missing a portion?! Darn it all, what's a Dragon Tendon when it misses a portion?! That's a belt!"

When the Abyss Dragon heard this, it was instantly furious. "Your tendon's the one that's a belt!"

"I want those three million to five million crystals!" the bald crane roared furiously.

"I don't want a belt!" the Abyss Dragon roared as well. The two old partners looked at each other and charged forward in a mad dash before changing their direction to lure in more hordes of beasts.

The sea of beasts behind them had grown to a monstrous degree. The galaxy trembled as it was swept by what seemed like a windstorm.

When they left into the distance, the four cultivators still continued to stare ahead blankly. They could hear the bald crane's words, but they were incredibly vague, and they were unable to know the details. At that moment, when they looked at where the bald crane had disappeared into the distance, their gazes were filled with terror and shock.

"That crane must be an incredibly powerful existence in Divine Essence Star Ocean!"

"Yes, it must have definitely done something that all of these creatures cannot forgive, that is why it's being chased by such a large swarm…"

"That dog is pretty pitiful. It must have gotten itself accidentally dragged into the mix…"

"But judging by their looks, they don't seem to be too willing. Still, no matter what, they must be very famous beasts in Divine Essence Star Ocean."

"When I have enough power, I will definitely tame a creature like this!"

The four of them exchanged glances with each other, and enchanted expressions appeared on their faces. They appeared to idolize the bald crane incredibly greatly in the depths of their hearts. Clearly, to them, being chased down by a million ferocious beasts in Divine Essence Star Ocean was an incredibly great feat.

That was right, there were already more than a million beasts behind the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon, but since the bald crane did not dare to turn its head back to look, it did not know that the Abyss Dragon… had an inborn, crippling flaw when it came to counting…

This flaw was one that not even Su Ming had noticed. At that moment, sweat broke out on his face, and the Duke of Crimson Flame's face had also turned pale. Only after using their full power were they able to have the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon maintain their speed. However, the duo… had clearly lured a million beasts already, yet they were still luring more…

"Damn it, just what does it want to do?!" Su Ming shouted angrily.
