# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 959

This was a calamity! It was a disaster!

Even if Heaven Traversers were one of the four venerated races, they had never seen a sea of beasts of this size. When all one million beasts rushed into the galaxy that belonged to Heaven Traversers, they were not the only ones who were shocked, even the Sand Spirit sitting on the gigantic ball of sand was left stunned.

The old man stared at the clamoring bald crane with a blank gaze, then looked at the one million beasts behind it, and a wry smile appeared on its face.

He finally understood why Su Ming wanted him to detain Heaven Traversers' Progenitor for one month.

"This crane… I seem to have some impression of it…"

The old man stared at the bald crane and sank into deep thought, but he had lived for far too long, and the number of memories that had accumulated in his mind, so he was unable to locate the right memory and have it surface in his mind instantly. He needed time to recall. Only then would he be able to find the thoughts that were buried in the passage of time.

"Heaven Traverser bastards, come out now and welcome your guests!" the bald crane roared smugly and charged towards Heaven Traversers. The beast swarm behind it roared and surged forward, and in the blink of an eye, they filled an extremely large area.

In fact, the bald crane did not even need to specifically guide them. The swarm of beasts simply destroyed everything that blocked its paths.

The only thing the bald crane needed to do was to continue rushing forward until it reached the end of Heaven Traversers' territory. Then… it would complete its task.

There were around one hundred cultivation planets in Heaven Traversers' territory. At that instant, countless powerful presences erupted forth from them, and tens of thousands of people rushed out. Yet once they saw the sea of beasts in the galaxy, their expressions instantly changed drastically.

The bald crane looked incredibly smug. As it shrieked excitedly, it continued rushing forward. Some time later, a piercing light suddenly appeared around it and the Abyss Dragon. With a flash, the two disappeared.

Su Ming and the Duke of Crimson Flame stood in the galaxy beyond Heaven Traversers' territory. As they watched what was happening in the distance, white light shone beside them. The bald crane and the Abyss Dragon appeared, and almost at the instant they did so, the Duke of Crimson Flame raised his right hand, and a sea of fire instantly enveloped the duo.

Su Ming also swung his right hand. A sealing power appeared swiftly, and with all his and the Duke of Crimson Flame's power, they covered up the God Ascension Nectar on the bald crane.

"Crystals! My crystals!" When the bald crane was Relocated, it was momentarily stunned, then immediately looked at Su Ming.

"When the impact brought by the sea of beasts is over, you can go over and loot all the crystals you want," Su Ming said while looking at Heaven Traversers in the distance. A cold glint shone in his eyes.

"No, I want to go now. What if they take everything away?" the bald crane asked with a slightly worried tone.

"The God Ascension Nectar is still on you. If you go, you'll be walking straight into your death." Su Ming looked towards the bald crane.

"God Ascension Nectar?" The bald crane licked its beak and sucked in a sharp breath. This action immediately caused Su Ming to look at it. In fact, his expression even changed at that instant.

He could clearly sense that the presence of the God Ascension Nectar on its body disappeared the instant it sucked in a breath. In fact, the nectar became completely non-existent, as if it had been completely absorbed.

"This bit of God Ascension Nectar is nothing to me. Look, there's none of that now in me, right?" When the bald crane saw Su Ming's expression, it immediately became smug. It shook its body slightly, and with a swing, it turned into a big yellow dog and even bared its teeth at Su Ming.

The Abyss Dragon was already looking at the bald crane with an incredibly fanatic expression. In its eyes, there was practically nothing the bald crane could not do.

"Hmm? Little Su, why aren't you releasing the seal yet? Let me out. I'm telling you, Little Su, every single breath of my time you waste, several hundreds of my crystals are snatched by other people. Those are my crystals! Mine!" the bald crane shouted out loudly. It knew that it had committed a great meritorious deed and also knew that Su Ming would not berate it no matter what, which was why it was so proud of itself that it began shivering.

Su Ming remained silent for a moment before he opened the seal with a wry smile. The Duke of Crimson Flame also extinguished the flames, completely speechless. Brilliant light immediately shone in the bald crane's eyes, and it charged towards Heaven Traversers' territory.

The Abyss Dragon took the form of a big black dog at that moment and quickly chased after the bald crane. The two mutts were so quick that they charged towards Heaven Traversers' territory with a speed that would not lose to the one they used when they were escaping.

Su Ming could already imagine that the bald crane and the Abyss Dragon's arrival would definitely make Heaven Traversers suffer the heaviest blow in terms of crystals under this disaster.

Su Ming shook his head. As he took a step forward, he too moved towards Heaven Traversers' territory, where all the beasts in the swarm had now surged in. He did not move quickly, but when he stepped into the Heaven Traversers' galaxy, loud booming sounds and roars rang in his ears, moving past him like a wave of impact.

Su Ming arrived at the gigantic ball of sand where the old Sand Spirit was. He stood there and looked at the galaxy in the distance before he closed his eyes.

He might have closed his eyes, but he swiftly spread his divine sense outwards. This was Ecang's divine sense, and it could cover an incredibly wide area.

Su Ming saw an endless number of ferocious beasts. As they roared, having lost sight of the bald crane, and they anger exploded due to what happened before, they began to wantonly destroy everything in the area.

Even though they knew that the bald crane had nothing to do with Heaven Traversers, in their anger, they no longer bothered about these things. It did not matter whether it was the slaughter between the ferocious beasts themselves or the attempted counterattacks launched by Heaven Traversers, all of these things became the tipping point for this disaster.

A bloody stench filled the space and stimulated even more ferocious beasts to go mad. Their charge destroyed the planets one by one, and their slaughter brought damage to Heaven Traversers that they would never be able to recover from.

In fact, even if they were just fighting among themselves, the act of using the place as their battlefield was already enough to bring about great destruction to Heaven Traversers.

This was a disaster, a bloody feast.

In the face of this sort of beast swarm, even powerful warriors in Solar Kalpa Realm would be unable to last. Only a second Master of Fate, Lives, and Death could maybe do something.

Su Ming saw the bald crane moving through the cultivation planets with the Abyss Dragon. They continued changing their appearances repeatedly and took on various looks. Occasionally, they would roar in the beast swarm, and at other times, they would fly out of the cultivation planets in excitement. Sometimes, they would rush into a crowd of Heaven Traversers and snatch their storage bags as the people were too shocked to react.

The duo's actions were incredibly rampant, but they didn't attract too much attention to themselves with the disaster all around them.

Su Ming retrieved his divine sense. There was no longer any need for him to continue watching. Booming sounds were echoing from the ball of sand beneath his feet. They were the incensed roars and outbursts made by Heaven Traversers' Progenitor after his anger reached a boiling point. Clearly, he could sense the changes in the world outside.

"Heaven Traversers have paid the price for what they did in the past." Su Ming opened his eyes. "I know that you can hear me. You are an Almighty Master of Fate, Lives, and Death, and I am indeed not your opponent, but listen well… wanting to kill me isn't something that can be done easily.

"Your tribe has paid the price for what you've done, and I will no longer come to wreak havoc among you again… but if you try to hunt me down, then be prepared to be sealed again and have your race face the disaster of having a sea of beasts slaughter them.

"And if there really comes a time when this second swarm will arrive… then it will no longer be just one million ferocious beasts who will visit you. Instead, I will do everything that I can to lure more monsters and make sure that you are the only Heaven Traverser left. Then, from then on, we will fight until one of us dies!

"This is my threat to you," Su Ming declared flatly. As his voice echoed in the area, it seeped into the sand, falling into the ears of the trapped Heaven Traversers' Progenitor.

Almost at the instant Su Ming's words reached his ears, the roars and booms in the sand disappeared and turned into dead silence.

"You are a cultivator from the world outside. All of you talk about practicing Dao. This Dao is your heaven, and all of you practice the Dao that belong to heaven. You lured these monsters to destroy my race, does it conform to your Dao?!" The muffled voice of Heaven Traversers' Progenitor came from the sand ball with a loud bang.

"Dao…" Su Ming fell silent for a moment before he raised his head and looked at the galaxy.

"I've come into contact with quite a large number of cultivators from the galaxy beyond, and all of the Almighties possess their own Dao. I want to know. What is your Dao?

"You did this for a small matter in the past, your Master hadn't even died. He possesses the fifth stone on his person, and it is only natural that others would want to snatch it. Even if I didn't take action, others would still have tried to snatch that stone.

"And because of this matter, you harbor the desire to exterminate my race a thousand years later. Tell me, what is your Dao?!" As the muffled voice in the ball of sand echoed in space, even the old Sand Spirit sitting down cross-legged and meditating opened his eyes and looked at Su Ming.

He, too, wanted to know what Su Ming's Dao was.

Su Ming remained silent.

"You don't have Dao. You are empty!" The loud laughter from Heaven Traversers' Progenitor rang from the ball of sand. His laughter contained an ancient air as well as delight. As that laughter echoed in space, it shook the ball of sand so much that it started trembling.

"You are a person without Dao, and neither do you have a Dao heart. There are three thousand Great Daos in the universe and seventy nine thousand Small Daos, but you belong to none of them. You might seem to belong to the Killing Dao, but in truth, that is not the case. You also seem like you belong to the Life Extermination Dao, but true life extermination is not like this!

"I lost this battle. Don't worry, I will not go after you and bring trouble to you, because you don't have Dao, and you are not worth my time to kill. Because… in the laws of the universe, those without Dao are equivalent to having no future.

"I will watch you walk towards destruction. I will watch you become lost someday in the future, and continue to be lost until you perish!" The Progenitor's laughter reverberated in space, while Su Ming continued remaining silent.

"What is Dao?" He turned his head around and looked at the old Sand Spirit.

"I am an Ancestral Spirit, and I don't practice Dao. I only know a bit of it… Dao is the guiding principles for your actions as a cultivator. It is the path under your feet. As for the others, I am unable to say it clearly.

"But I do know that only those who possess a Great Dao can become a Master of Fate. Even as an Ancestral Spirit, I have a path given to me by some unseen force in the universe.

"This is not destiny. It's a trail that cannot be described clearly and distinctly. You must tread down that trail and strengthen your Dao heart, only then will you be able to break all walls and head to the end," the old Sand Spirit explained slowly, after having remained silent for a moment.
