# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 967

One body, six souls!

Not every soul could control this body. Even though they were all inside it, only one soul could control it. This soul was the main soul, while the other five acted as assistants.

Originally, the position of the main soul belonged to Xuan Shang due to his natural advantage, but due to the transformation brought by Su Ming's blood, the main soul became Su Ming.

If a normal person had six souls in his body, then when the main soul controlled the body, the other five would be in deep sleep. Yet now, the black blood which they had entered was formed by a supreme treasure. Because of it, even if Su Ming acted as the main soul, the other five were awake. They could see and sense everything around him. Besides being unable to control the body, they didn't suffer in any other way.

Xuan Shang might have lost his ability to control the supreme treasure, but he was not too worried about being under someone else's control. Forget the fact that he was not Su Ming's opponent with his level of cultivation, if Su Ming wanted to kill them, he had plenty of methods to do so.

Besides, he was not worried that Su Ming would harbor covetous thoughts for this supreme treasure either. In True Sacred Yin World, there were too many people who lusted after this treasure, but no one dared to fight for it. This was a treasure that belonged to their Sublime Paragon. Without sufficient power, touching it would mean causing trouble to themselves.

Besides, even if he was unable to control this supreme treasure now, this treasure still belonged to the Xuan Family, and it was connected to them by blood. Because of it, as long as he wanted to, he could make the supreme treasure instantly dissolve, causing the people to immediately separate from each other.

Due to all this, Xuan Shang felt at ease. When he sent his divine thought to Su Ming, he also formed a picture in everyone's heads.

"Senior, please think of this picture in your heart. My fellow Daoists, we have to join in as well. Let us fall into a trance with this picture in mind. Do not be distracted and don't add in other things as you wish. By doing so, the ball of blood will turn into the shape I just sent you." Xuan Shang's voice echoed in the people's hearts, and soon a person's image appeared in their heads.

It was a thin middle-aged man. He was fair, and his hair was a flaming shade of red, while his pupils were blue. At the center of his brows was a ring-shaped mark formed by nine balls of flame.

He was dressed in a long hide robe. His face was pale, and there were nine blue lines on his right arm. They were branded deep into his flesh, and they flickered as if there were flames contained within them.

On his chest was a huge gash. That wound had already rotated slightly, which was a telling sign that he had been injured badly and unable to heal himself.

"This is a Dust Burner we formed based on the body of the Dust Burners' previous tribe leader as well as the near ten thousand years of understanding we have on them. We set this person's identity as a descendant of Dust Burners' previous tribe leader. When he was born, his father died. He drifted about with the relics from his father while searching for him. At one point, he was injured badly and swept into a Relocation Vortex. When he came here, he fell unconscious."

"The wound is too fake." Su Ming sent his thoughts to the others. "There are also far too many coincidences with him being Relocated here."

"Senior, what do you mean?" Xuan Shang immediately sent his thoughts over.

"He should have your map in his hands and have come to this place based on it. His injuries should not be on his chest, but on his entire body. All of you, imitate the wounds you see based on my imagination."

As Su Ming spoke, his divine thought changed, and the injuries on the middle-aged man's chest immediately healed in their heads. There was a faint scar there; however, his whole body now wore countless wounds that were healing. They seemed to have been left behind by claws that had ripped through his skin.

Aside from these, there were also endless small dots on his body. They were small holes that could not close up and heal, and everyone could imagine that the ones who had caused them had been thin and long worms.

There was also a long scar on the man's face. The appearance of that scar not only made the person look slightly more ferocious, but also made him exude a thick, ancient air.

"This person cannot be unconscious. He has to be awake to find his people," Su Ming said faintly.

"If that is the case, we will have many things that we will have to take into account." Xuan Shang hesitated for a moment. He knew that having the person they were about to change into fall into a state of unconsciousness was also slightly inappropriate, but if he was not unconscious, then they might reveal themselves right from the start.

"I will control him," Su Ming said calmly.

Xuan Shang thought about it for a moment before he gritted his teeth and chose to agree. Gradually, as the same image appeared in the others' head, the black ball of blood standing thousands of feet tall in the galaxy boiled, tumbled about, and shrank swiftly.

The bald crane's Transformation Art fused together with supreme treasure's transformation. They complemented each other, causing the transformation to be even more perfect.

As the black blood shrank, the silhouette of a person was gradually formed. After the around the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, what appeared in the galaxy was no longer black blood… but a middle-aged man covered in wounds and a scar on his face. His expression exuded an ancient air.

There were nine balls of flames that formed a ring at the center of the man's brows, while nine blue lines on his right arm looked as if they contained flames. He stood in the galaxy with his eyes closed.

Several breaths later, his eyes flew open. His blue eyes were originally blank, but they soon gained a sparkle of intelligence and perplexity.

He looked like a wanderer who had lost his home and was no longer able to find his way back. That perplexity was not shown obviously but was hidden deep in his heart. He stood quietly in the galaxy and looked at his surroundings silently, as if he could find a hint of familiarity in all the unfamiliar sights around him.

After a long while, he dipped his head down and looked at his body, at the countless wounds on it. Some of them were healing, and some were not. The claws marks were left behind by Waves of Tears, while the small holes were left behind by some creatures he fought against that were incredibly difficult to deal with on his way to the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean.

There were plenty of other wounds on his body as well. Some of them were external, and some were internal. However, the wounds that covered his body did not seem important to him. The fatigue in his heart was born from the insistence to search for his people despite crying silently because he had no parents, no family, and no kin since young. This emotion had accompanied him for his whole life, turning into fatigue deep in his heart, and it would never melt away.

"Home…" Su Ming mumbled softly, as if he was truly an orphan of Dust Burners who finally found his homeland after going through far too many things. There was not just perplexity in his gaze, but also hesitation… along with an incredibly powerful grudge.

It was as if he was resenting the universe's injustice and his people for forgetting him.

At that moment, the other five souls in his body turned dead silent… They could sense Su Ming's current state and the transformations that occurred on the body under his control. The more it went on, the more shocked they became.

"It's too alike!"

"This-this feeling, it's precisely this feeling we want!"

"It was the most correct decision to let you control this body, senior! If it was me, it would have been difficult for me to execute it so perfectly!"

Xuan Shang was incredibly excited as he watched Su Ming control the body and sensed the emotions on it. It was difficult to imagine how anyone who had never gone through this personally would be able to bring out this authentic feeling.

Su Ming watched the galaxy in the distance, and the perplexity in his eyes slowly disappeared. The hesitation in his heart was also forced down. As a hint of resentment appeared in his eyes, he took a step forward.

He was so quick that in the blink of an eye, he had already went extremely far. A blue sea of fire spread from the nine blue lines. As they surrounded his body, they also went under his feet, causing him to become so quick that he disappeared without a trace.

Su Ming maintained this high speed. He was not the sole person providing the energy necessary for it, since it was split by all six people. Because of that, Su Ming could sense that even the offensive power erupting from this body had become incredibly shocking as the six of them were combined together.

It could bring forth power… that surpassed Solar Kalpa Realm. In fact, this body was already infinitesimally close to becoming a Master of Fate, and this was before Su Ming even fused his Ecang clone, or else he could make this body possess power that surpassed what Su Ming could bring forth at his strongest, even if it would still be unable to obtain power equivalent to a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death. Yet… he could certainly make Masters of Fate who had yet to master fate frown and think that it would be incredibly difficult to fight against that body.

Su Ming was so quick that he surpassed his original speed by a lot. This was the speed the body had obtained after the six of them had fused together. And it was not a normal fusion, but summation!

The terrifying aspect of this summation was the important feature in the supreme treasure that allowed the Xuan Family to become successful.

Su Ming's speed instantly reached a state where he was moving at a speed equivalent to shifting. In fact, as he moved forward, for the first time ever he didn't notify the Duke of Crimson Flame before shifting. All he needed to do it himself was to think about it.

This outburst of speed surpassed Xuan Shang and the other people's expectations. The trip that was previously estimated to require one month would now only need half a month based on the speed at which they were traveling.

Time trickled by, and days went by. As Su Ming moved forward at his extreme speed, he looked like a shooting star in the galaxy. As loud bangs shot up in the air, he sliced through endless ripples. In the blink of an eye, half a month was over.

On the sixteenth day, an endless amount of fog that filled the entire area appeared before him. The fog might have seemed as such at first glance, but if anyone took a closer look, they would find that it was a sea of fire in the form of fog!

Before the body even closed in, a wave of hot air that could burn a person into a crisp came crashing into their faces, but Su Ming did not stop moving. He charged towards the fog with resentment hidden in his eyes, as well as murderous aura.

Looking like that, he took a step forward. He was so quick that in the blink of an eye, he turned into a long arc that charged into the distance.

Xuan Shang and the others immediately sensed the murderous aura. After being momentarily stunned, they immediately sent their thoughts to Su Ming. Only Xu Hui looked as if she was absorbed in her own thoughts.

"Senior, quick, put away that murderous aura of yours. This is…"

"What does he want to do?"

"Noisy!"

Su Ming's divine thought echoed calmly in the body. Not only did he not stop, but he became even faster. With a bang, he rushed into the fog that was a sea of fire. At the instant he stepped there, he felt the space around him distort. This was the dimension itself distorting under the extreme heat.

"Dust Burners, come out!" Su Ming threw his head back and roared when he was in the fog. In that roar was resentment, readiness to risk everything, desolation, and an ancient air.
