# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 970

Su Ming had decided to disperse Ecang's presence because his so-called Burning Spirit Transformation was fake. For him, it was just an external transformation, but the other Dust Burners' level of cultivation would increase exponentially once they turned into Burning Spirits.

Since that was the case, then if Su Ming transformed and retained his current level of cultivation, everyone would be able to tell with one glance that he was a fake.

Once he fused with Ecang's presence, his power would increase, because of that, the body he controlled would also have its power increase by leaps and bounds. The quick rise in power and presence would be almost the same as when a Dust Burner transformed into a Burning Spirit.

Once Su Ming sent his divine thought outwards, Xuan Shang and the others immediately focused. The image of Dust Burners transforming appeared in their heads. The bald crane also used every ounce of its strength while yelling for crystals in its heart to transform with Xuan Family's supreme treasure while Su Ming acted as its main soul.

Su Ming did not know what form he should take as the son of the tribe leader and a Dust Burner who had nine marks of flames. Thus, he could only act according to his own judgment.

As he transformed, the marks of flames at the center of his brows fused together and his body was enveloped by a sea of fire. With a bang, flames that were the exact same as the ones the Burning Spirits had let out appeared distinctly in the fog.

Su Ming intentionally made the transformation slow. His eyes were hidden in the flames, and as he transformed, he observed the changes in expressions of the people around him, especially the nine old men in Solar Kalpa Realm and the old man who had previously given him a reminder. These ten were the ones Su Ming prioritized in his observations.

As he watched them, he noticed that when he began transforming, the nine old men in Solar Kalpa Realm stopped and did not attack anymore. Instead, they focused their attention on him, but when they noticed that he was changing into the same form as the other Dust Burners, seven of them appeared as calm as they did before, but there were two who looked as if they were sighing in relief.

This scene caused Su Ming to focus. When he looked towards the old man who had given him the reminder just then, he saw a hint of disappointment in the old man's expression.

Su Ming thought quickly. At the instant his body was about to complete the transformation, he lifted his right foot, stomped on the galaxy, and let out a low growl.

Blue flames swiftly appeared with a bang from the marks of flames that had fused together into one at the center of his brows. The blue flames were formed from the blue lines on the right arm of the body Su Ming controlled. When they appeared, they instantly enveloped his body, causing the flame giant that was Su Ming to turn into a blue flame giant.

When he brought forth this transformation, Su Ming's eyes, which were still hidden in the flames, did not show a single hint of inattentiveness. Instead, with bright, sparkling eyes, he saw the expressions of the nine old man in Solar Kalpa Realm change at once. In fact, a hint of nervousness as well as shock appeared on their faces.

The disappointed look on the old man who had reminded him earlier turned into excitement in the blink of an eye.

When Su Ming saw this, he no longer hesitated. He might still have been a little uncertain, but there was no longer time for him to think too much about this. With gritted his teeth, he finished his transformation in the blink of an eye.

What appeared before the people was a flame giant several hundreds of feet tall. The flames on its body were azure blue. While surrounded by other Dust Burners, Su Ming's flames became the most brilliant flames in this galaxy.

If it was just his body that had transformed, it would not have been enough to shock these people. Yet right then, power erupted from Su Ming's body. While it might still be power equivalent to those in Solar Kalpa Realm, it was a presence that was much stronger than that of a normal cultivator in Solar Kalpa Realm. It gave rise to a loud bang and formed a mighty pressure that forced the nine old men to retreat as their expressions changed.

And this was just Su Ming fusing Ecang's presence into his body and not him truly having his Ecang clone descend into this place. If that happened, he could fight against an Almighty in Mastery Realm with the supreme treasure around!

With the bald crane around, the supreme treasure formed a perfect layer of protection, preventing the presence of Su Ming's Ecang clone from spreading outwards. Because of it, his transformation had no flaws.

Almost at the instant the body Su Ming controlled turned into a blue flame giant, the eyes of the middle-aged man sitting and meditating at the top of the one hundred thousand feet tower in the Dust Burners' continent located in the depths of the fog flew open. He stared at the eye of the flame in front of him, and as his expression changed, he stood up.

"He reached Blue Flame Transformation?!"

At the same time, the blurry figure who seemed like a boy in the area above the fog curled his lips into a faint smile. At the instant he saw the body Su Ming controlled turn into a blue flame giant, all his doubts were dispelled. In truth, even if this person had just turned into a normal crimson flame giant, he would not have suspected him anymore. He would have been just slightly disappointed.

After all, crimson flames were something all of them could do once they awakened, but the level of difficulty for blue flames… was far greater. This required a second awakening, and it had nothing to do with level of cultivation. The key to it was in the blood.

"With just a few thousand years, he reached Solar Kalpa Realm, and his blood reached Blue Flame Transformation… Ze Rong, you delivered a great gift to our race!" The blurry figure stood up with a bark of laughter, then took a step downwards, towards the battlefield.

'This child has reached Solar Kalpa Realm, but a sun formed by his cultivation base did not manifest. This can only mean that he has not truly reached Solar Kalpa Realm, but attained it due to some sort of serendipity.

'If that's the case, then it explains why he obtained such offensive power within thousands of years. Not bad, not bad at all!'

The blurry figure was indeed a boy. He had a head full of white hair but appeared only to be about seven or eight years old. He strode forward with a smile, and the expression of praise as well as joy spread through his face.

On the battlefield, once Su Ming transformed, he looked at the nine old men in Solar Kalpa Realm whose expressions had changed by then. At that moment, everything around him was in dead silence. The Dust Burners' gazes when they looked at Su Ming were no longer the same as before. There was respect contained in their eyes, along with zealousness.

Su Ming looked towards the nine old men in Solar Kalpa Realm and asked in a ghastly voice, "Do the nine of you want to kill me?" A vast, mighty presence spread out as he spoke, sweeping up the fog around him while his voice echoed in the area in loud booms.

The nine people's expressions changed, and anguish appeared in their hearts. They knew that there were plenty of rules in the tribe, and one of them was that those who had more marks of flames were to be regarded with respect. These nine old men had only eight marks of flames, and when they attacked just then, they could be seen as going against the rules of their tribe. However, this person had not been considered a member of their race moments ago, so it did not bring about too much of an effect.

Yet at that moment, once he transformed, revealing Blue Flame Transformation, they knew that there was absolutely no need for anyone to verify his identity to make sure that he was a Dust Burner. When they added this fact to the one that he possessed nine marks of flames, a mighty pressure greater than his power was formed.

Even the tribe leader did not have the right to kill one of their own who possessed nine marks of flames and the Blue Flame Transformation.

As the nine old men in Solar Kalpa Realm hesitated, a long string of laughter broke the silence. The fog tumbled backwards as the laughter echoed in space, and a blurry figure walked out of thin air. With one step forward, his body gained corporeal form, and eventually, a boy with white hair walked out.

The boy's appearance immediately caused the expressions of the nine old men in Solar Kalpa Realm to change. Without any hesitation, they knelt down and worshiped him.

"Greetings, Progenitor!"

The Dust Burners around the area and the old man who had given Su Ming a reminder also knelt down together to worship him with zealousness and reverence.

Su Ming's pupils contracted as he stared at the boy walking towards him. He could sense the mighty pressure spreading out from the person's body incredibly clearly. This was… a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death.

The feeling that the other's entire body was filled with supreme power allowed Su Ming to know that this person had already perfected Mastery Realm. His power was almost the exact same as that of the one he had met in the territory where the four Great True Worlds were stationed.

"What is your name?" A smile appeared on the boy's face when he looked at Su Ming.

"Mo," Su Ming replied faintly.

At that moment, Xuan Shang, Yun You, Nian Yin, and Hua Yu immediately became nervous in the body he controlled. Su Ming's answer was not the name they had set previously, but Su Ming had been the one taking the lead all this while. During the course of their journey here, the decisions he made brought about a crucial effect, so his choices were clearly much better than they original plan, which was why even though they were nervous, they did not send out any thoughts to him.

"Oh? Why did you name yourself this way?" A light crease appeared between the boy's brows. This was not a Dust Burners' name.

"Because ever since I can remember myself, I had an important person in the place where I lived. His family name was Mo," Su Ming replied calmly. There was a hint of obstinacy in his voice.

"Who is your father?" the boy asked again.

Su Ming stared at the boy in front of him coldly and did not speak.

The boy was also staring at him, but as he observed Su Ming, he heaved a sigh in his heart. He could see the resentment, anger, and sadness in this person's heart, and there was no longer any need for an answer as to why those emotions were in him. When this child was born, his father should have died soon after, and he was brought up by a person whose family name was Mo. He must have been able to come to this place because Ze Rong had entrusted him with an authentication token and some pointers to this place before he died and left him an orphan.

"I don't have a father." Su Ming let out a cold snort.

"What are you saying?!" the boy shouted out. There was a hint of solemnness in his voice as he continued speaking, "Your father's name is Ze Rong. He is the previous tribe leader of Dust Burners. I watched him grow up into an adult, and you are a Dust Burner as well as the young tribe leader of our people!

"Oh well, I will tell you about your father later. Now… child, you are home!" The boy looked at Su Ming, and a kindly expression appeared on his face.

"I am not a Dust Burner, I came here to take that Ze Rong's belongings. Since you Dust Burners could cast my father and me aside for thousands of years, I…" The obstinacy in Su Ming's voice became even stronger, but before he could even finish speaking, the boy swung his arm forward, and all the fog in the area let out a loud bang before swiftly turning into a gigantic hand. That hand occupied most of the galaxy. It was made of fog, and no end to it could be seen.

Once it appeared, it swiftly clenched into a fist. What it grasped was not just Su Ming, but all the Dust Burners in the area. Booming sounds reverberated in the air. Su Ming could fight against it, but he did not attack.

If anyone looked at the fog in Dust Burners' territory from the distance, they would find that they could see a hand formed by fog dissipating the moment it clenched into a fist. The fog spread out once more then, but all the Dust Burners present moments ago had disappeared.
