# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 975

On the second day Dust Burners were in the process of activating the kiln, the wind in the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean became stronger. When hot waves surged into the sky, the wind had already spread through the entire area and were spreading to even farther places. Wherever it passed, all alien races and beasts fled as their expressions changed drastically in the face of the wind.

All the beasts Su Ming had met on the way to the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean in the past were all fleeing. The threat of death and the deep brand left in their memories caused them to break and cross over the borders set by other races to mark their territories. All kinds of different ferocious beasts could be seen in any place where they could hide. Even if some creatures were mortal enemies, they gave up on any ideas of fighting in this wind and only hid in silence.

On the third day, the wind from the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean had already disappeared. However, the wind between the inner part and the periphery had reached its strongest. A galactic wind had also stirred in the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean.

On the ground where Ninth Tribe was located was Dijiu Mo Sha, who was sitting there and exercising his breathing. However, his eyes flew open at that moment, and disbelief appeared on his face. He sensed the wind, and his tribe members fell silent. They had also sensed the scorching hot wind, and they too saw all the plants on the land turn black before floating away as ashes…

"The fifth kiln!" Dijiu Mo Sha said quickly.

There was a valley at the edge of the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean, located rather far away from the continent of Ninth Tribe. There were a dozen something black warships floating in midair at that place, and thousands of cultivators on the ground. They were nine old Frail Darknesses and Su Ming's fearless warriors.

When the galactic wind blew past them, they noticed it, but they did not pay any attention to it. Only the catwoman's expression changed the instant she sensed the wind.

"This is… the Burning Wind before the kiln is activated!"

There was quite a large number of cultivators who took the risk to come to the edge of the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean in hopes of obtaining a serendipity. They were cautious, but there were quite a few of them who turned tail and ran without any hesitation once they sensed the wind.

A galaxy away was Black Ink Planet. At that moment, all the people there were looking towards a single direction. It was… the direction of Divine Essence Star Ocean.

Over there, they could see… a weak red light. It covered a huge area.

'The fifth kiln has been activated…' This was a sentence that echoed in the hearts of all those in Black Ink Planet.

Three days passed quickly. When the third day was over, the wind that filled the entire Divine Essence Star Ocean disappeared in the blink of an eye. It was like the calm before a storm.

Those who did not know the details would not pay too much attention to it. They would not be able to sense the bizarre air that existed between the time the wind appeared and disappeared.

The fog beyond Dust Burners' continent shrank swiftly. Once it enveloped all Dust Burners, even the land on which they lived disappeared from the galaxy.

By then, most of the living beings in Divine Essence Star Ocean had already found a place to hide. As they shuddered, they hoped that they would be able to avoid the kiln's fire.

However, there were also some ferocious beasts and madmen whose expressions were filled with greed and madness when the wind from the kiln disappeared.

All of these beings were existences who believed that they were worthy of entering the fifth kiln. To them, the activation of the fifth kiln was a disaster, but there was definitely a great serendipity waiting within it.

The fifth kiln was a place which caused great fear among a lot of people, but it was also a place which some people desired to enter. There were plenty of rumors regarding the fifth kiln. Even though there were few who could enter and leave it alive, it did not stop plenty of people from trying to enter.

The greatest of the desires was to obtain the fifth kiln. The second greatest… was to obtain a serendipity in the fifth kiln.

However, over the course of numerous years, no one managed to become the master of the fifth kiln, and slowly, this became a legend.

A piercing light was spreading from the location of the fifth kiln. It was caught in a state of being an illusion and being something real. Once Dust Burners disappeared, a loud bang erupted from the kiln.

A crimson red flame swept outwards in all directions like a wave. The high temperature from flames was difficult to put to words. Wherever it went, the galaxy would look as if it was about to melt.

Booms surged into the air, and the violent sounds rang through the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean. As they reverberated in space, a crimson sea of flame erupted violently. The loud booms did not stop then, but instead began to sound like the might of heaven. The sea of fire swept out, and as layers of fire tumbled about, they spilled in all directions.

In the blink of an eye, they covered a boundless area. The place where Dust Burners lived was the closest to the flames and was the first to be affected. It was immediately enveloped by the crimson sea of fire. However, there were already no Dust Burners there. Once that place was covered by the sea of fire, the flames surged farther away.

Their speed was indescribable. In the blink of an eye, a small region within the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean turned crimson. The sea of fire continued erupting with flames and spreading outwards until it enveloped the entire core of the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean. If it was compared to a circle, then anyone who looked from the distance would find that the center of this circle… was where the sea of fire was.

It continued spreading outwards and rumbling. Waves of flames continued bursting out from the fifth kiln, which was at the center of the sea of fire, as if there was no end to them

Planets were submerged, and continents were enveloped. Planets shuddered, and continents crumbled. All the living beings hidden within them needed to endure hot waves that would last nearly a month… or they would die.

As the sea of fire tumbled about and spread through the galaxy, one Void Beast had still not been enveloped by the flames. It was howling in terror and charging backwards without regard for anything. It originally did not belong to this place and had only been tamed by Xu Hui. It was the Void Beast that had brought Su Ming and his group to this place.

However, at that moment, fear occupied its entire body. It charged forward madly, but it could not escape from death. The sea of fire was already behind it. The flames that enveloped the area there were difficult to describe. In the blink of an eye, they closed in. The hot waves caused the galaxy to distort, and the Void Beast let out a roar of despair.

However, it did not receive any response. The sea of fire behind it did not pity it either. As booming sounds reverberated in space, the sea of fire stirred up a large wave as it tumbled forward. In fact, there were even a large number of struggling ferocious beasts contained in the sea of fire. Their bodies were being burnt to a crisp right before the crocodile beast's eyes, but their shrill screams of pain were drowned out by the loud booms from the sea of fire.

When the Void Beast saw the sea of fire surging towards it, about to devout it, a figure appeared in the galaxy. This figure was incredibly tall. He pressed his palm on the Void Beast, and it instantly disappeared without a trace. This person turned around and cast a glance at the sea of fire crashing towards him and, without any hesitation, left into the distance.

This person was naturally the body of the supreme treasure Su Ming controlled!

Three days ago, he had had been near the kiln, but he did stay there for long. Instead, he left. At the moment, the sea of fire was pressing on aggressively behind Su Ming, but his expression was incredibly calm. With a step forward, he charged into the distance.

He wanted to go to the Relocation Vortex near Dust Burners' territory. Right then, he possessed the body created by the supreme treasure and could bring forth a power he would never had never possessed before. He wanted to borrow this current power… and tame the Resentful Wei before the purple flames appeared within the sea of fire from the kiln!

To Su Ming, that creature was the key to entering the fifth kiln. Based on Dijiu Mo Sha's words, he might still be able to enter, but it would be an extreme challenge. As for Dust Burners' Progenitor's words, it was not that Su Ming did not believe him, but he needed to weigh his words.

'It is clear that he managed to tell that I'm not a Dust Burner, but he still activated the kiln for me. Does he want to have me remember the favor Dust Burners did for me..?

'But if the fifth kiln was so easy to enter, it wouldn't be one of the mysteries of Divine Essence Star Ocean. If I interpret it this way, then the kiln is a test. If I can enter it, then I will have to accept Dust Burners' favor. If I cannot enter and die in the flames, then it has nothing to do with Dust Burners.'

As Su Ming charged forward, a pensive look appeared in his eyes. But after a long time, resolve began to shine on his expression.

'Oh well, I won't ask Dust Burners to pay the price for chasing after my Master's life in the past.'

Su Ming shook his head and no longer thought about this. Instead, as the sea of fire behind him became increasingly more violent while surging forward, he shifted to the area beyond Dust Burners' territory, to the place of the Relocation Vortex.

He landed next to it, and a brilliant light shone in his eyes. He hesitated for a moment, which was a rare thing on him. However, in an instant, the uncertainty disappeared.

'If I want to enter the fifth kiln, I need a fire beast like that one!' Su Ming took a huge stride forward and stepped into the Relocation Vortex. In the span of a breath, his figure disappeared without a trace.

Five breaths later, booming sounds echoed in space. The heinous sea of fire instantly covered the vortex, then went past it with a loud bang.

On the first day the flames erupted from the kiln, all the regions within the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean turned into a sea. However, this sea was not formed by planets or water, but thick waves of fierce fire.

The palm that was formed by Heaven Traversers' Progenitor protected his people in the sea of fire. Virtue Rooters' tribe was covered by layers of snake fins. They covered all of the tribe's territories and stopped the sea of fire from spreading outwards.

When the second day arrived, the region between the inner part and the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean turned into a world of flames. The galaxy burned. The distortions formed under the high temperature turned into reality, as if it could distort all dimensions.

A disaster that had not been seen for years descended upon Divine Essence Star Ocean once more.

Flames continued spreading… While most living beings hid, several long arcs headed towards the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean at full speed. With the sea of fire right before them, they charged forward. Their goal… was the fifth kiln!
