# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 976

The sea of fire continued raging. The crimson flames continued spreading outwards from the core of the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean. Soon, it filled up the entire area between the inner part and the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean. High temperature covered the entire galaxy. Wherever the sea of fire passed, loud booming sounds would surge up.

This would last for nearly a month. During that time, the sea of fire would stretch to the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean. It would envelop the entire place, so the cultivators of Black Ink Planet will be able to clearly see the galaxy burning.

At that moment, Su Ming was not within the galaxy that belonged to Divine Essence Star Ocean. Through the Relocation Vortex, he had already stepped into one of the mysteries in Divine Essence Star Ocean - the world in the vortex!

No one knew where it led. It was dark down there, as if there was no end to it. If anyone dared to open their eyes to look, they would be unable to help but feel as if they were immersed in eternal darkness.

Even Su Ming still had that feeling rise in him after looking at the darkness in the lower part of the world in the vortex.

He did not know how many years and secrets were buried down there. He did not know how many spirits and bodies of those who tried to lift the veil of this darkness had fallen.

The endless darkness underneath formed a stark contrast with the many colorful, jellyfish-like creatures above. Su Ming remained silent. Within the semi-transparent tunnel of the two connected vortices, he could not keep his body from floating forward.

He knew that the sea of fire was raging in the world outside, for the fifth kiln had already been activated. Whether or not he would be able to get the fifth stone and whether or not he would be able to get into the Fifth True World would depend entirely on whether he would be able to step into the fifth kiln.

Even if based on the words of Dust Burners' Progenitor, there was a high possibility that Su Ming was the new master of the fifth kiln, the prerequisite was that Su Ming was the son of Su Xuan Yi and his wife.

This was something Su Ming did not want to think about.

He looked at the semi-transparent tunnel beside him. At that moment, Xuan Shang and his groups' hearts were incredibly shaken. In fact, Xuan Shang was already wondering whether he should forcefully revoke the fusion by the supreme treasure.

However, right when this thought appeared in his head, Su Ming took a swift step forward. He did not move farther down the tunnel, but instead… With one step, he crashed into the wall of the tunnel. He even raised his hands as if he was seizing the wall and swiftly pulled it in two directions.

With a bang, the tunnel was instantly torn. Once Su Ming opened it, he took a step forward and stepped out of the semi-transparent tunnel.

"If you want to dissolve the fusion of the supreme treasure, you can do so at any time."

With Su Ming's experience, there was no way that he could not tell that there was a huge problem with the supreme treasure, and that it was in Xuan Shang's hands. He might not be able to become a main soul to control the body formed by the supreme treasure, but he could make it disassemble, forcing all the people to walk out.

Xuan Shang had originally thought to do this, but he had hesitated because he was worried he would provoke Su Ming to anger. However, if they did run into a life-threatening danger, he would naturally attack with everything he had, but… Su Ming had acted too quickly. Once he walked out of the semi-transparent tunnel, the tunnel fused together once more. Su Ming had brought the group out of the tunnel's pull and protection, and from then on they were completely situated inside the world of the vortex.

If Xuan Shang dissolved the transformation at that moment, what would await him would be only even greater danger. In anguish, Xuan Shang sighed in his heart and did not speak. He knew that Su Ming was not a fool and would not look for death without reason. If he did not have reason for confidence, he would not have done this sort of thing.

Since the start, Xu Hui remained silent. She would support all of Su Ming's actions. As for the bald crane, once it stepped into the world in the vortex, it looked to be in a daze again.

When Su Ming walked out of the tunnel, he raised his head and let out a long howl that shook the world. As he roared, the colorful, shining jellyfish-like creatures instantly withdrew. At the same time, another roar came from a place that was rather far away.

Su Ming stood still as he activated Ecang's presence. It immediately spread from the body formed by the supreme treasure, resulting in the offensive power erupting from the body to rise by leaps and bounds again. At the same time, Su Ming summoned the projection of his Ecang clone.

A gigantic tree appeared in a flash before disappearing. However, the body Su Ming controlled now exuded an offensive power that was infinitesimally close to those at the peak of Solar Kalpa Realm.

At the same time, a tunnel created with the projection creating a path and his soul acting as a lead was also swiftly forming. Once it was formed, Su Ming's Ecang clone would descend.

At that time, he could… fight against an Almighty in Mastery Realm!

Time passed breath by breath. Roars traveled forth ceaselessly from the darkness in the distance. From the voice, Su Ming could tell that the black Resentful Wei was using an indescribable speed to rush forth.

Gradually, Su Ming saw see six balls of bright flame shining in the darkness ahead of him. Those were the Resentful Wei's six eyes!

"Come! You… are going to be mine!"

…..

As days passed, due to the fifth kiln coughing up four days' worth of crimson flames, the entire region within the inner part and periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean had been completely submerged in flames.

Countless living beings let out shrill screams of pain as their bodies burned to ashes. Cultivation planets struggled in the sea of fire, all the plants on them long dead.

There were continents that slowly reduced in size, crystals appearing on their edges.

Even the living creatures who loved fire by nature shuddered in fear when the sea of fire reached them. They did not dare to touch it and could only hide from it.

The sea of fire was still spreading. When the seventh day arrived, it finally reached the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean… and completely enveloped the entire galaxy within it.

The disaster of Divine Essence Star Ocean had arrived.

The continent where Ninth Tribe was located was empty at that moment. The sea of fire swept through its sky and burned the ground, crushed the mountains, and melted the living creatures. In the depths of the continent where the core of the land was located was a karst cave. At that moment, all the members of Ninth Tribe were hiding there, and in terror, they waited quietly for the sea of fire to disappear.

Dijiu Mo Sha sat at the entrance of the tunnel, which was located closest to the ground. Over there, he could sense the great heat and bangs that resounded from the world outside. There was nervousness on his face, but he was also wondering whether the activation of the fifth kiln… was related to Su Ming.

At the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean were the nine old Frail Darknesses and the others. They had stepped on the warships under the catwoman's warnings to leave Divine Essence Star Ocean at the fastest speed they could muster. At that moment, their warships floated in the galaxy between Divine Essence Star Ocean and Black Ink Planet. They looked over from the distance and saw a shocking scene they would never forget in their lives.

All of them had anxiety on their faces, because… their young master was still in Divine Essence Star Ocean.

While the nine old Frail Darknesses could fight against the high heat of the flames, searching for a person whose whereabouts were unknown in the vast galaxy was so difficult it was akin to finding a needle in a haystack.

That was why they could only wait.

As they waited, the nine old Frail Darknesses and the cultivators on the warships saw a person who caused their pupils to shrink and left their hearts in shock.

He was a slender middle-aged man dressed in a long purple robe. He stood calmly in the galaxy and looked at Divine Essence Star Ocean from the distance. He looked incredibly normal and there was nothing strange about him… but laying behind him was a ferocious beast that was several tens of thousands of feet tall.

That beast… was a dragon!

It was an entirely crimson dragon with thick flames spreading out from its body. The temperature of the fire caused the galaxy to distort, as if it was slightly difficult for it to bear with it. By the looks of it, those flames from the dragon seemed to be even stronger that the crimson flames that covered the entire Divine Essence Star Ocean.

The dragon's mighty pressure was even more shocking. The nine old Frail Darknesses had only cast him a look from the distance, but they already felt an oppressive force pressing down on their bodies. This clearly meant that the dragon's power surpassed those who had attained great completion in World Plane Realm, but it was not in Lunar Kalpa Realm. It was in Solar Kalpa Realm!

Even if they were very far away, the nine old Frail Darknesses could still feel their skins cracking, and they could sense their cultivation bases becoming chaotic. Their hair turned a burnt yellow, and they were forced to make their warships retreat to a very far off place.

The man in the purple robe was incredibly close to the crimson fire dragon, but not a single change in expression could be detected on his face. By the looks of it, the crimson dragon was clearly incredibly respectful of the man. There was even a slight hint of fear within its eyes.

"Reverend Zi Long!" The nine old Frail Darknesses' expressions changed. Once they looked at one another, they saw the shock in each other's eyes.

"This should be Reverend Zi Long, from the Fourth True World. That place has always been incredibly mysterious, and even we do not have much understanding towards it. We only know that the other three True Worlds send out a person to deliver a large amount of materials to the Fourth True World once in a while…"

"We might have never met Reverend Zi Long before, but in Divine Essence Star Ocean, the only person wearing a purple robe who is a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death and who has a crimson dragon by his side… can only be Reverend Zi Long from the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping a lookout over the Barren Lands of Divine Essence, no one else."

"The fifth kiln, huh? I didn't expect that the activation of the fifth kiln would actually bring Reverend Zi Long to this place!" As the nine old Frail Darknesses sent their thoughts to each other, their expressions changed suddenly, and they looked towards the galaxy behind them simultaneously.

There were intense, loud bangs surging forward from over there. Those sounds spread in all directions, and the hearts of people who heard them shook involuntarily.

This trembling even caused their cultivation bases to begin changing and caused the strongest power to erupt from the nine old Frail Darknesses because they were unable to control their bodies. It was as if only by doing so could they be able to make their power not spill out and leave their bodies.

As for the fearless warriors and the catwoman, their faces turned pale as their expressions changed. All of them immediately sat down cross-legged and fought back with great difficulty.

The booming sounds came even closer, and everyone saw the shape of a huge centipede in the galaxy. It had turned into a long arc while heading over at an incredible speed. That centipede was purplish black and looked incredibly hideous. There was… not a single person on it. This was a ferocious beast moving by itself.

It moved incredibly fast and closed in on the place within an instant. Waves of mighty pressure spread out into the area. It caused the crimson dragon beside the purple-robed man to continuously let out low growls.

"It's been a long while, Zi Long. Looks like this time, you and I are the only ones who did not enter isolation to train." A hoarse voice that sounded like metal chafing against metal echoed in space.
