# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 977

As the voice echoed in space, the nine old Frail Darknesses immediately saw the one hundred thousand feet long centipede shrink. Within an instant, a purplish black light spread out. The centipede then turned into a teenage boy dressed in a white robe.

The teenager might have been dressed in a white robe, but the marks of a centipede clearly covered his face, causing him to look incredibly ferocious. Anyone who saw him would be incredibly shocked.

Judging by how he acted, he seemed to know Reverend Zi Long.

"Can you even be considered a person?" The man in purple robes turned his head around and cast the teenager a flat glance. Reverend Zi Long was incredibly handsome, and there was an indescribable temperament contained in his expression.

"Haha! It doesn't matter whether I am a person, but this time, it's just you and me. I wonder how many among those in the galaxy have awakened. Whether or not we will work together will depend on just one sentence from you." The teenager in white robes was completely unconcerned with Reverend Zi Long's words and spoke with a laugh.

"Naturally, we'll be working together," the purple-robed man replied calmly.

"Alright, let's meet just outside the fifth kiln."

The teenager in white smiled faintly. However, that smile seemed like a illusion. His emotions could not be seen in it. He turned around, and when his gaze swept past the nine old Frail Darknesses, a smile appeared once more at the corners of his lips, and he even licked them.

The nine old Frail Darknesses's hearts immediately trembled. Their bodies became limp under his gaze. They were not the only ones affected. The thousands of fearless warriors and the catwoman around them felt the same way, and the numbness they felt was even stronger.

That was due to a mighty pressure that was so strong that they could not resist descending on them, and all of this was due to a single gaze from the teenager in white.

'A Master of Fate, Lives, and Death! This is also an Almighty!!' The nine old Frail Darknesses felt their hearts let out a thump.

"They are servants of Kalpa Lord Dao Chen. If you have the guts to eat them, then I am very willing to enjoy your performance, Sir Wu," the purple-robed man said faintly.

"Dao Chen? That old man who is constantly in isolation?"

The teenager in white smiled and averted his gaze from the nine old Frail Darknesses. Instead, he lifted his right hand, and with a hook, the pale catwoman was immediately surrounded by a force and shifted in front of the white-robed teenager, in a manner completely out of her control.

"You look pretty good. I lack a servant girl on my trip here. I'll take you," the teenager said with a smile after sniffing the catwoman. He had still listened to Reverend Zi Long's words, though. Dao Chen might have been in isolation for many years, but he was a Kalpa Lord, and he was someone that a person in Mastery Realm like him could not provoke.

That was why he treated these people as if they did not exist in his eyes, but catwoman's presence was somewhat beneficial to him. He turned this matter over in his head and believed that with his status, even if he kidnapped the woman, Dao Chen would not egress and come to him to bring trouble.

The catwoman shuddered. Terror appeared in her eyes and on her face, and she instinctively spoke with a quiver in her voice. "My-my master is—"

"I don't care who your master is!" The teenager swung his arm, and impatience appeared on his face. At that moment, a row of sharp teeth was revealed in his mouth. The color of those teeth… was black.

Then, the teenager rushed into Divine Essence Star Ocean within an instant. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared without a trace.

The purple-robed man did not bother with all this. He had said those words earlier because of the patronage True Morning Dao World provided to the Fourth True World over the years. As for the other matters, he would not interfere in them.

Zi Long did not find anything strange about the white-robed teenager's actions. There was a savageness to this person's origins and status, so he would naturally not control himself like other cultivators.

When Zi Long saw that the white-robed teenager had stepped into the galaxy, he fell into a period of contemplative silence before he, too, took a step into the galaxy. With just three steps, he had already shifted and covered an endless distance, disappearing from the limits of the nine old Frail Darknesses' vision.

Once the entire Divine Essence Star Ocean was enveloped by crimson flames and Reverend Zi Long as well as the white-robed teenager appeared beyond the galaxy, strange changes occurred in three spots within the galaxy.

The first change came from Flame Fiends's planet. It was the spot where Xuan Shang and his group had headed by seizing the opportunity caused by the chaos brought by the bald crane and obtained Flame Fiend's blood. At that moment, besides the rumbles of the flames in the planet covered by the sea of fire, not a single sound could be heard.

All of the Flame Fiends were cowering underground. They were all kneeling while trembling in fear.

Anyone who looked over would find they were in a gigantic karst cave. At the center was dried up lava ash that had gathered in a lake and solidified. At the center of the lake were numerous Flame Fiends packed densely together and kowtowing on the ground.

Complicated and difficult incantations spread out ceaselessly from the shivering Flame Fiends' mouths, and it sounded as if there was a certain level of cooperation with the booming sounds from the sea of fire in the world outside.

As the incantations reverberated in the air and the sea of fire in the world outside let out loud bangs, the solidified lava ash lake surrounded by numerous Flame Fiends let out cracking sounds. Cracks appeared on its surface.

They spread out and gradually grew denser, causing the solidified surface of the lake to look like a spider's web.

The second place where a strange change occurred was on a gigantic meteor floating in the sea of fire in the region between the inner part and the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean.

It was a meteor that was nearly ten thousand feet tall. It floated in the sea of fire, but if anyone looked closely at it, they would find that this was not a meteor, but a human head!

More accurately speaking, it was a caved human head. If Su Ming was there, he would be able to recognize at first glance that this was a God's head he saw when he and Dijiu Mo Sha were flying past the place.

At that moment, cracks appeared on the head in the sea of fire. They spread out, as if wanting to tear the head into pieces.

There was also a third place where an abnormal change occurred. It was… a mountain, a gigantic mountain that towered over the clouds and whose summit could not be seen. That mountain stood tall in the galaxy, and it was the one about which Su Ming had heard a beautiful legend who caused grief for the bald crane!

Husband Gazing Mountain!

The legend spoke of a woman who stood eternally at the boundless summit. She looked at the galaxy as if she was watching her deceased husband. The abnormal change that occurred on this mountain did not happen at the distant summit. Instead, it came from a gigantic cave at the mountainside. Low growls were coming out from it.

Those roars did not sound as if they came from a human, but from some type of ferocious beast. After a moment, a gigantic ferocious beast that was thousands of feet tall walked out.

It was an entirely black boar!

Its long fur hung down from its body at first, but once it walked out, all that fur stood up to show off a light that was unparalleled in its sharpness. As the beast stood outside the cave, the sea of fire swept past it, but did not manage to hurt it even a single bit.

The board stood quietly outside the cave, it head raised to look at the misty and barely discernible summit. When it looked over there, pain surfaced its eyes.

It threw its head back and let out a loud roar. It reverberated in the galaxy and caused the sea of fire to tumble backwards, clearing the area around the mountain of flame.

As the boar raised roared, several tears fell from the corners of its eyes. However, before the tears fell on the ground, they had already disappeared without a trace. Soon, the creature's body shrank down until it turned into an incredibly plump human. His eyes were crimson red, and he had a set of tusks in his mouth. With pain hidden in his expression, along with a great self-loathing, he charged towards the sea of fire.

All of this happened on the seventh day since the fifth kiln started spewing fire. When the eighth day arrived, at the spot where the fifth kiln was in the core of the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean, the crimson flames disappeared, and blue flames erupted.

The aggressiveness of the blue flames and the high temperature they stirred were several hundreds of times stronger than those of the crimson flames. Almost at the instant they appeared, they melted the galaxy. Layers upon layers of space fell backwards and turned into emptiness.

At the same time, it looked as if the blue flames could devour the crimson flames. They spread out swiftly, and wherever the blue flames went, they replaced the red!

The sea of fire tumbled about violently. Those who understood the fifth kiln knew that once the blue flames came, the second wave of flames had erupted from the fifth kiln.

After that was the third wave - the purple flames, and then would come the final wave… the destructive black flames.

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, three days were gone.

The plump person continued onward in the face of the sea of fire. He was the first to come into contact with the blue flames among the few who had chosen to enter. Within them, even his speed slowed down by quite a considerable margin, but he still charged forward without care.

On the seventh day after the blue flames had burst forth, all the flames within Divine Essence Star Ocean became blue. The high temperature spreading out from the blue sea of flame killed many living creatures, and it also caused the nine old Frail Darknesses to retreat once again while watching the distance with shock.

Black Ink Planet was now swathed in dead silence. Almost all the cultivators there were looking in the same direction from a distance. The blue there was reflected in their eyes as indestructible flames.

On the seventh day the blue sea of fire spread out, the lava ash lake in the planet where the Flame Fiends had been worshiping for many days shattered with a bang. A dried up arm stretched out from the depths, and slowly, a skeletal existence who was incredibly thin and shriveled up stood up from within. As its body floated up, a complete body was revealed.

It was a cultivator's body. He was an old man with a hunched back and thin hair. He was entirely naked, and when he opened his eyes, dark light shone within them.

Zealous shouts immediately erupted from the mouths of Flame Fiends around the area once the old man appeared. All of the Flame Fiends prostrated themselves on the ground in excitement and kowtowed continuously, causing the ground to shake.

The old man lowered his head and looked at the numerous worshipers below him. There was a vacant expression on his face, and a huge tear on his abdomen. It could be seen that there were only black bones within his body, without any organs to be seen.

"How… many years have I slept? Who… am I?"

The old man closed his eyes. After a moment, he opened them, and the vacant look in them was gone. Instead, a strange and enchanting light shone from within them, and the wound on the old man's stomach healed on its own.

"I am the Emperor of Flame Fiends. I am the master of flames!" The old man threw his head back and roared. As he did so, he moved and disappeared within an instant. When he reappeared, he was already in the blue sea of fire in the world outside.

"The fifth kiln…"

The old man grinned, his expression incredibly hideous. With a sharp intake of breath, some of the blue flames from the blue sea of fire charged into his mouth and he devoured them just like that. The old man's eyes sparkled, then he turned into a long arc to charge into the depths of the galaxy.

Wherever he passed, the blue flames would be be reduced, and it was due to him devouring them as he moved past them.

However, the blue sea of flame covered the entire Divine Essence Star Ocean. Compared to it, the portion the old man devoured was insignificant. However, the terrifying aspects of the old man could be seen based on this.

…..

On that same seventh day since the blue sea of flames had spread out, more cracks appeared on the head of the statue in blue flames. Eventually, it shattered with a bang.

As the numerous shattered stones fell backwards, a huge man carrying a gourd behind his back walked out. He was dressed in hides, and his expression was filled with a stern, awe-inspiring air, especially his brows. They were yellow, giving his entire person a strange air.

"The Ancestral Spirit's brain doesn't taste bad at all… but the tasted was somewhat weird once I roasted it well… the temperature of the fire might have been wrong, hmm… That's right, I'll go get more fire clay next time."

As the man mumbled to himself, he licked his fingers, and as if he felt that the taste was not bad, he decided that he might as well put his whole thumb in his mouth. Looking like he was sucking on it, he cast a glance at the blue flames around him, and then, completely unbothered by them, walked towards the depths of the galaxy.

He did not move quickly, but with each step he took, he would make the blue flames seethe. He stepped into the sea of fire while still sucking on his thumb and gradually left into the distance.

While all of this was happening, in the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean was a place that originally had a Relocation Vortex but was now submerged in a sea of fire. A roar rang out there, and the blue flames stilled under it!

The still blue flames formed a stark contrast with the tumbling sea of fire around them. As the roar echoed, more flames became still, and the area grew quiet. In the blink of an eye, all the flames in a circular area of one hundred thousand feet in the galaxy… became still!

As they did so, a black horse with two dragon heads rushed out of the Relocation Vortex covered by flames while their roars shook the galaxy.

That horse was several thousands of feet tall. Once it appeared, the color of the still sea of fire that stretched of one hundred thousand feet turned entirely black, and the flames surged at the horse to surround it. If anyone saw this from above, this would definitely have a strong premonition regarding this.

The one hundred thousand feet wide area of sea of fire seemed… to be rejoicing and… worshiping the horse as if it had met its king!

The black horse lifted its head and once again let out a shocking roar. There was an incredibly great pride in its roar, along with an indescribable grudge against all the living!

It's back was not empty, though. There was a person sitting on it...

Naturally, this was the body of the supreme treasure Su Ming controlled. There was fatigue on his face, but his eyes were shining brightly, with great confidence and vigor.

"Resentful Wei, from now on, I will kill all living beings who want to kill you. This is the promise I made with you, and it is a promise to the entire universe!"

The black horse fell silent, then a moment later, resolve appeared in its eyes and it roared again, as if it was responding to Su Ming's oath, but also like it was swearing its own oath.
