# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 979

Su Ming's arrival might have attracted the trio's attention, but this didn't last for long. For these three old monsters with mysterious pasts, the level of threat Su Ming brought to them was not great.

However, those who can survive to their age are naturally all farsighted and scheming foxes. The faces might not reveal anything, but they all had different thoughts in their hearts.

Yet those who could come to this place with the purple flames charging towards them would never be seeking death. If someone came, they had to have some hidden methods, and because of that, the trio would not provoke Su Ming too much. After all, the group had not entered the fifth kiln, and the instant when the purple flames disappeared and the black flames erupted would only last for the blink of an eye. It was still uncertain whether they could enter the fifth kiln, so there was no need to attack at full strength and instead give others the chance to enter.

As for Flame Fiends' Progenitor and the plump Zhu You Cai's fight, it had been just a warmup. It was a form of greeting between the two of them.

Based on principle, these two people's relationship shouldn't be too good, but in truth… they were sitting together at that moment. In fact… while the plump Zhu You Cai was sitting in the sea of fire, the thin and shriveled Flame Fiends' Progenitor was crouching on his shoulder. He was also still humming that strange song of his.

Zhu You had his eyes shut, as if he was listening to it. No one knew what sort of hidden emotions were stirring under that apathetic expression of his.

The yellow-browed man, on the other hand, was lying not too far away, snoring.

'These are three incredibly strange old monsters,' Su Ming said quietly in his heart after sparing them a glance. He closed his eyes after that, but he did not know that if there was a fifth person in the area, then when looking at the four of them, that person would feel that Su Ming was also strange old monster.

After all, Su Ming was sitting alone on a two dragon-headed black horse within a sea of fire. This sight would also give a unique feeling to others.

As time passed, the seventh day since the start of the purple flames came, and it marked the final day before they dissipated. The flames beyond the fifth kiln had already reached a certain degree of heat, and the booming from the flames became the only sound in the place.

Suddenly, the yellow-browed man yawned and rubbed his eyes, then placed his right thumb into his mouth and began sucking on it. With a sideways glance, he looked at the galaxy in the distance.

At the same time, the humming Flame Fiends' Progenitor let his voice die in his throat. A sharp look flashed briefly in his eyes. When he focused his gaze at the distant galaxy, a ghastly, cold smile appeared on the corners of his lips.

The plump Zhu You Cai opened his eyes slowly. A ferocious red glint appeared in them as he stared at the galaxy in the distance.

After a moment, a piercing whistle spread through the area and drowned out the booming sounds of the sea of fire. When Su Ming opened his eyes to look over, he saw a centipede that was several tens of thousands of feet long moving towards them.

The centipede's thousand feet moved together, making its speed surpass even that of lighting. At a glance, the creature was still in the distance, but in the blink of an eye, it closed in on the group. The centipede with one thousand feet stopped abruptly. Its body shrank and turned into a teenager dressed in white. There was a woman beside him, and needless to say, it was the catwoman.

At that moment, her face was pale and her eyes were without focus. There were two black holes on her throat, as if she had been bitten by poisonous fangs.

"Oh hoh, it sure is lively here."

The white-robed teenager smiled faintly. His face was beaming. He swept his gaze past the three old monsters, then shifted to Su Ming. It stopped on him for a moment.

Su Ming also looked at the white-robed teenager, remaining as calm as ever. Not a single hint of emotion could be seen on his face, but the white-robed teenager naturally did not know that when Su Ming saw the catwoman, a wave of killing intent had already risen in his heart.

This killing intent was not targeted towards the catwoman, but the white-robed teenager.

The catwoman had stayed together with the nine old Frail Darknesses. Now that she appeared here, there was a high possibility that a disaster had fallen on the nine old Frail Darknesses' heads, and the instigator for all of this was naturally the white-robed teenager before him.

Almost the moment the white-robed teenager appeared and spoke, another rumble came from the galaxy That rumble was actually a ferocious beast's roar which belonged to a crimson dragon. It was swimming about in the sea of fire while between its horns a purple-robed man sat cross-legged.

This man was incredibly handsome, but he was filled with an indifferent air. Clearly, he was not a person of many words. When the crimson dragon showed up, he reached the group in the span of a few breaths.

His arrival caused the eyes of Flame Fiends' Progenitor to become strangely bewitching. A frightful expression also appeared on Zhu You Cai's face as he remained seated.

Only the yellow-browed man continued sucking on his thumb after he cast a sideways glance at them. Outsiders could not tell that he had already become incredibly wary in his heart.

He sensed an incredibly great danger from the purple-robed man, and it was the greatest in this area. As for the second… it did not come from Zhu You Cai or Flame Fiend's Progenitor, and neither did it come from the white-robed teenager that was the centipede with one thousand feet. Instead, it came from… Su Ming.

While the yellow-browed man felt wary, the crimson dragon the purple-robed man sat upon suddenly raised its head, and an incredibly nervous expression appeared on its face. With an incredibly great hostility, it looked at the Resentful Wei Su Ming sat upon.

The Resentful Wei raised its head coldly and looked towards the crimson dragon. Its expression was one of pride, and a hint of derision also appeared on its face.

As if it had been provoked by this derision, the crimson dragon immediately opened its mouth and let out a swift roar, but right when this roar reverberated in the sea of fire, the four eyes from Resentful Wei's two dragon heads shone with a cold glare at the same time, and they let out low growls.

The purple-robed man was naturally Reverend Zi Long. His gaze fell on the Resentful Wei, and then he looked at Su Ming. Without any expression on his face, he patted the crimson dragon's horn. The dragon immediately lowered its head, moved, and brought Reverend Zi Long to the side. Once it did so, Zi Long closed his eyes, and appeared to completely ignore the people around him.

The white-robed teenager that was the centipede with one thousand feet smiled at that moment, then walked towards Zi Long. He sat down not too far away, and the catwoman behind him followed after him with a glazed look.

Su Ming swept his gaze across the area, already able to tell quite a number of things.

There were two or three camps. One of them was the purple-robed man and the white-robed teenager. These two were the last to arrive, making it clear that they had been quite a long distance away. With the addition of the catwoman, Su Ming could tell that these two… should have come from an area beyond Divine Essence Star Ocean.

"The purple-robed man is Reverend Zi Long. He is an Almighty Master of Fate, Lives, and Death from the forces of power from the Fourth True World stationed to keep watch over the Barren Lands of Divine Essence! As for the white-robed teenager who captured the catwoman, I've heard a few things about him. He's a rogue cultivator, but is affiliated with the four Great True Worlds. His family name is Wu, and his origins are incredibly mysterious," Xu Hui explained in a solemn voice.

This proved Su Ming's guess.

The second camp was Flame Fiends' Progenitor and Zhu You Cai, who had fought against each other just a few days ago. As for the yellow-browed man, he seemed normal, but from his location alone, Su Ming could tell that he did not want to be too close to either side, yet it could be vaguely seen that both sides did not want to get too close to him either.

This relationship was incredibly subtle. Anyone without sufficient experience would find it difficult to notice the details and discover these clues.

When Su Ming understood all this, a barely noticeable smile appeared on the corners of his lips. The power between the three camps was clearly not balanced, and the strongest camp should be Reverend Zi Long and the white-robed teenager.

The second strongest should be the camp formed by Flame Fiends' Progenitor and Zhu You Cai, whose power should be on equal grounds with that of the yellow-browed man.

Because of that, the yellow-browed man naturally became an important point. If he helped Flame Fiend's side, then they would be able to overcome Zi Long and the white-robed teenager. And even if he continued working alone, he would still be able to obtain some benefits. After all, both sides would not want to pressure the other too much.

Su Ming could also obtain some benefits in this complicated relationship. After all, his existence became another important point in other people's eyes. However, the degree of this importance would depend on Su Ming's offensive ability shown later on.

When the seventh day was about to end, no one else came. Su Ming knew that there was a high possibility that along with him, these were the only people who would enter the fifth kiln.

As the purple sea of fire vanished, besides the yellow-browed man and Reverend Zi Long whose expressions remained the same, all the other people spotted changes. Flame Fiends' Progenitor stared in the direction of the fifth kiln, while Zhu You Cai's expression turned grim. The white-robed teenager became fierce. They were all waiting for the instant the purple flames vanished and the black flames erupted.

Besides the booming sounds of the flames, the place was quiet. In this comparative silence, Su Ming stared intently at the fifth kiln one hundred thousand feet away. Even though everything that he saw at that moment were purple flames, they started showing signs of diminishing with the passage of minutes.

After the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, Su Ming saw the purple flames beyond the fifth kiln disappear!

At the instant this happened, he saw an incomparably large kiln. This kiln was green, and Su Ming did not know what sort of metal had been used to make it. It exuded a mighty pressure that caused people's hearts to shudder.

Almost at the instant the purple flames disappeared, the yellow-browed man became took a step forward. He was so quick that he charged towards the fifth kiln in an instant. When he moved forward, his brows danced in space. They transformed into two yellow dragons and surrounded his body, causing his presence to reach a shocking, monstrous degree.

The second to move was Zi Long. He patted the crimson dragon with his right hand, and the dragon disappeared. As it moved forward, a strange roar came from its body. It turned into a long arc, changing into a purple dragon. With a presence that caused the galaxy around it to shudder, it rushed forward with a bang.

They were followed by the three people, with Su Ming being the last.

The Resentful Wei beneath him let out a roar. As the sea of fire tumbled around, they turned into a powerful grudge that could not be forced out of existence. The black did not signify destruction, but resentment!
