# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 983

Once the continuous string of shrill sounds traveled outwards, the Fire Spirits who had awakened rushed towards the platform at an incredible speed.

Due to the noise, even more Fire Spirits woke up, and their piercing screeches shook the entire kiln for a time. It sounded as if it would not stop until all of the intruders were killed.

While they screeching, they rushed to the platform. The hot wave that came with them swiftly rose to an apprehensive degree.

At that moment, the yellow-browed man rushed into one of the light screens. He was so quick that he disappeared in an instant. Reverend Zi Long reacted at almost the same time and stepped into another light screen, disappearing.

As for the white-robed teenager, Zhu You Cai, and Flame Fiends' Progenitor, they spread out and rushed towards different light screens. Flame Fiends' Progenitor cast Su Ming a seemingly casual glance on his way. A glint flashed past his eyes, and an unknown thought formed in his heart.

However, plenty of Fire Spirits were coming towards them at that moment, and he did not have much time to think about it. He could only move towards the closest light screen, and in an instant, he stepped into it.

Su Ming moved swiftly as well. With one step, he landed on the Resentful Wei. Its speed surpassed Su Ming's own, which was why borrowing the Resentful Wei's power at that moment was the best choice.

The Resentful Wei could sense the mighty pressure brought by the shrill voices from the space above it. With a single move, it charged towards another light screen like a bolt of lightning.

Su Ming did not know whether it was just a figment of his imagination, but before he stepped onto the Resentful Wei, the Fire Spirits seemed to be surging towards them from all directions. Their shrill voices echoed in his ears, but they did not seem to be focusing on him. Yet when he got onto the Resentful Wei, they immediately charged towards them.

Su Ming did not have time to think too much into it. With its extreme speed, the Resentful Wei rushed into the light screen and the two of them disappeared.

On the platform, a large number of Fire Spirits rushed into all of the light screens that the intruders had entered. The moment they did so, the nine light screens around the platform started revolving, and booming sounds rang out in the air. The light shining from them reached one hundred thousand feet. This sort of revolving motion made it seem as if the fifth kiln was in operation.

…..

The instant Su Ming walked out of the light screen, he had his Atman spread out to sweep the area. The Resentful Wei beneath him did not stop and immediately galloped forward.

Above them was a blue sky. The ground was filled with green, and everything seemed to be at peace, as if there was nothing dangerous in the place. Even if Su Ming spread his Atman outwards, he did not notice any dangers.

However, he did not relax his guard in the slightest bit. This was one of the many dimensions within the fifth kiln, so it was impossible for there to be no dangers in this place.

As he rushed forward, a myriad of thoughts passed through his mind. Su Ming knew what was the Spirit Trudging Platform that the yellow-browed man had mentioned. The platform the group stood upon before was one of those things.

There was an introduction to these Spirit Trudging Platforms in the jade slip that Dust Burners' Progenitor had given Su Ming. That item was originally not named as such, and it was only coined with this name by those who came to the kiln later on. Gradually, as time passed, most people came to know it by this name.

Knowledge about its true use had long disappeared in the passage of history. Perhaps Dust Burners knew about it, but it was not mentioned in the jade slip. As of then, the platforms were useful due to their locations, which was why they were incredibly important to all the people who challenged the fifth kiln.

If anyone divided the myriad of dimensions in the fifth kiln into an inner and outer layer, then they could treat the kiln as a gigantic sphere. The countless dimensions were scattered all over the place. There were primary and complementary dimensions, and there were three borders dividing the inner and outer layers. These three borders were formed by many platforms that formed a ring, and it divided the entire fifth kiln into four regions.

It did not mean that the dimension with the supreme treasures would definitely be located in the innermost layer, but the innermost regions would definitely have dimensions with supreme treasures.

The yellow-browed man was clearly talking about the first border just now. The meaning behind his words was that if all of them were successful in their journey, they would gather there and step into the dimensions of the fifth kiln between the second and third borders.

The fifth stone which Su Ming wanted was located in the deepest depths of the kiln, which meant that it would only appear in the inner layer of the third border. This fifth stone's role was to suppress certain things in the fifth kiln!

It existed to suppress some powerful supreme treasures!

Su Ming's eyes sparkled. As the Resentful Wei charged forward, he continued spreading his Atman outwards and searching for the exit. The world's area was not very big, so he could tell that this was one of the dimensions with a complementary treasure, but there was no light from a treasure in the sky. Clearly… the complementary treasure in this place had already been taken away many years ago by someone else.

These sorts of places were the most dangerous. It would have been better had the treasure still been around. As long as a person was not dead set on obtaining the treasure, then the ferocious spirits in the place would most often not take the initiative to attack.

However, in places where the treasure had been taken away a long time ago, the ferocious beasts would kill all those who came to the dimension.

Su Ming was alert. When he moved forward, he did not forget to observe the area behind him. In just about a dozen breaths, his expression changed swiftly. He noticed that three Fire Spirits had rushed into the region he was Relocated, and they were chasing after him.

He frowned. These three Fire Spirits were not especially powerful. Two among them possessed offensive power comparable to those in Solar Kalpa Realm, while the final one was slightly weaker. It only possessed a mighty pressure that was equivalent to those in Lunar Kalpa Realm.

Compared to them, Su Ming was more concerned about what sort of ferocious spirits existed in this seemingly peaceful world. The most important thing for him to do right then was not to chase away the Fire Spirits behind him, but to leave this dimension as quickly as possible.

His eyes sparkled. The Resentful Wei beneath Su Ming could notice his thoughts. It became even faster, and Su Ming sent out a divine thought to Xuan Shang and his group, who were still excited about being able to enter the fifth kiln. He also sent one to Xu Hui.

Soon, the divine senses from Xuan Shang, Yun You, Nian Yin, Hua Yu, and Xu Hui gathered on Su Ming's body, and under his control, they spread outwards swiftly, then in the blink of an eye, the entire land was enveloped in their divine senses.

'Where is it?!' Su Ming's eyes focused, and he immediately noticed a faint distortion in the space in a region in the distance. That distortion looked ripples on a calm surface of water. Clearly, there was some form of Relocation force there.

'It's just as Dust Burners' Progenitor said. If there is an entrance to a dimension, then there will definitely be an exit. This is an unchanging law that will last forever…'

The Resentful Wei beneath Su Ming became even faster and turned into a long arc that could not be seen clearly. In an instant, it disappeared. When it reappeared, it was already beside the distorted region. Just as it was about to step in, Su Ming's pupils suddenly shrank.

'Something's not right. This dimension is a little too simple…'

Without any hesitation, Su Ming stopped. He lifted his right hand, sending out a wisp of Yun You's divine sense. This was his ability as the main soul, and Yun You could not refuse it.

That divine sense disappeared into the distorted region, but soon, Su Ming's expression changed. He heard a pained scream from Yun You echoing in his mind.

His divine sense had been devoured.

Su Ming immediately moved back, but the instant he did so, he saw violent ripples coming out from the distorted region, and it turned into a gaping mouth. Ghastly black rays of light were revealed within, and the mouth open wide to devour Su Ming in one gulp.

At the same time, about a dozen distortions suddenly appeared in the originally empty space around him. A dozen something gaping mouths like the first one took shape, and with a foul gust of wind as well as low growls, they charged towards Su Ming.

The blue sky became murky in an instant as well. A gigantic crack that was enough to terrify all appeared above. If anyone looked over, they would immediately see that this was not a crack, but an incomparably huge, ghastly, gaping mouth!

With the Resentful Wei's speed, it disappeared into the distance in an instant and avoided being devoured by the dozen something gaping mouths. However, the hose could not avoid the ghastly mouth formed in the sky. It charged towards them from above and below.

When Su Ming looked over, it was as if the entire sky was descending on him. It looked as if the mouth wanted to gobble up the land.

His expression turned dark. By then, he had already seen the ferocious spirits' appearance. These were semi-transparent ferocious beasts that looked like tadpoles. They were not big, but their skulls were several hundreds of times bigger than their bodies. When they opened their mouths, it was an alarming sight.

There might only be around a dozen of them around, but each of them exuded the offensive power of those in Solar Kalpa Realm, and a wave of madness and resentment also came from them, especially the ferocious beast which replaced the sky. The mighty pressure spreading out from it was the presence that belonged to Almighties in Mastery Realm.

The dozen something ferocious spirits were in front of Su Ming while above him was the gaping mouth that filled the sky. Behind him were the three Fire Spirits, charging swiftly towards him. These three Fire Spirits did not have intelligence. In their eyes were a great killing intent, so it seemed… that only the ground was safe.

Su Ming looked at the ground, and a cold sneer appeared on the corners of his lips. The safer a place appeared, the higher the possibility that it was the most dangerous. This was something that could be seen by what had happened moments ago.

He stopped in midair, then closed his eyes and soon opened them again. Ecang's presence erupted from him. Once it filled the supreme treasure's body, a brilliant light shone in Su Ming's eyes. He did not retreat, but moved forward, and took a step towards the dozen something ferocious spirits in front of him.

He lifted his right hand and swiftly struck the area in front of him.

At the instant his palm landed, the sun, moon, and stars shone in Su Ming's eyes. His palm swiftly turned into a gigantic illusion in front of him. That illusion was enlarged rapidly and turned into a palm that was several thousands of feet big. With loud bangs, it collided with the ferocious spirits, and booming sounds surged up into the sky. From the distance, it could be seen that these ferocious spirits were swatted backwards, and a path for Su Ming was cleared.

He moved. As the Resentful Wei, Su Ming left its back and rushed towards the incoming gaping mouth which brought up a torrential wave as it came from the sky. At the same moment, the Resentful Wei lifted its head, stared at the mouth in the sky, and let out a shocking roar.

Once it roared, infinite black flames instantly erupted from its hooves. Endless resentment was contained in those flames, and they filled the place in all directions, forming a gigantic black ball of fire that swept up the Resentful Wei and charged towards the gaping mouth in the sky.

Su Ming and the Resentful Wei rushed forward from two directions. In just the span of a few breaths, they crashed into the gaping mouth one after another. Booming sounds and roars reverberated in the air, and the entire sky tumbled backwards. The gigantic ferocious spirit was clearly not an opponent when Su Ming and the Resentful Wei worked together. As it retreated continuously, the true sky was revealed!

It was fragmented, with countless cracks in it. Su Ming's eyes sparkled, and without any hesitation, he charged towards one of the cracks with a long whistle. The Resentful Wei was even faster. As it charged forward, it met up with Su Ming, then in the blink of an eye, rushed into a crack and disappeared without a trace.
