# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 988

Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes, and with one swift move, he came out of hiding. His appearance did not cause the one thousand feet tall tree any surprise. Clearly, it had noticed his presence before. After all, when Su Ming entered the dimension earlier, he had not hidden himself.

However, Flame Fiends' Progenitor did not expect that Su Ming was hiding in this place.

This was what it meant to get out of a frying pan and into the fire. Flame Fiends' Progenitor might have escaped, but his power was swiftly falling. At the instant he sensed the killing intent behind him, he saw Su Ming swiftly rushing towards him!

In just a flash, Su Ming caught up. This was not his own speed, but the Resentful Wei executing its extreme speed. At the instant they closed in, Su Ming lifted his right hand. The power of Ecang within him gathered, and he also took away Xuan Shang, Yun You, Nian Yin, and Hua Yu's power, who could do nothing about it. All these forces of power gathered on his palm, and he pushed it in the direction of Flame Fiends' Progenitor through the air.

The world roared. Su Ming's strike turned into a whirlwind that charged towards the Progenitor with a loud bang, and madness appeared in the old man's eyes. As he shouted, a fierce note manifested in his voice. When he saw that he was about to be swallowed up by the whirlwind, a look as if he was about to risk everything showed up on his face. He pressed his hands on his chest and tore it outwards.

With it… he tore his body into half. Half of him continued running, and the other rushed to Su Ming, then chose to self-destruct!

Flame Fiends' Progenitor was an Almighty in Mastery Realm, yet he was forced to an extent that he had to self-destruct. If this news went out, Su Ming's name would ring through the universe.

In truth, this was not all of his own doing. The main reason behind it was the existence of the one thousand feet tall tree. It had heavily injured the Flame Fiend beforehand, and with Su Ming's body formed by the supreme treasure as well as the Resentful Wei, he was able to do this.

However, if he had hidden for so long only to destroy half of Flame Fiends' Progenitor's body, then he Su Ming would end up with a huge threat to his future. There was no way he would be willing to accept this. Since he had already attacked, he would do his best to kill the other.

The self-destruction of half of the Progenitor's body caused a loud bang to surge into the sky. At the instant the destructive ripples spread out, a glint appeared in the Resentful Wei's eyes. The two dragon heads roared and rushed towards the ripples brought by the Progenitor's self-destruction.

A black sea of fire formed by resentment swept out in all directions and instantly swallowed up the impact formed by the Progenitor's self-destruction, making it so that it could not spread out. At the same time, Su Ming let out a long roar, and the full force of his power erupted from his body. He even called forth his Ecang clone, causing his combat power to reach its peak during that instant. With one step, he disappeared from the spot.

During the instant the explosive power was halted, Su Ming's foot landed on air, and he left the area of the explosion to appear behind Flame Fiends' Progenitor who now only had half his body and was already far into the distance. He had already found the exit and was about to enter it.

"Stay here!" Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes. As he spoke, he lifted his right hand, then seized the air in the direction of Flame Fiends' Progenitor, who was just about to leave.

With it, the body of Flame Fiends' Progenitor trembled. When he whipped his head around, strong resentment and wariness appeared in his eyes as he looked at Su Ming. He knew that if he did not discard his body, then it would be impossible for him to leave this place on this day. Compared to his life, everything else was nothing.

Without any hesitation, Flame Fiends' Progenitor threw his head back and roared. A red spot appeared at the center of his brows. It went backwards and shot through the Progenitor's skull, then flew out of the back of his head. It showed up to be a red jade!

That jade only appeared for a moment before it turned into a semi-transparent shadow. Naturally, that shadow was in the image of Flame Fiends' Progenitor. This was clearly his Nascent Divinity!

His Nascent Divinity had left his body!

At that moment, the remaining half of his body exploded with a bang. This was Flame Fiends' Progenitor sparing no pains in having in getting injured to block Su Ming with the power of the self-destruction and at the same time having his Nascent Divinity borrow the impact from the explosion to be pushed into the exit.

This act of discarding the body and the resolution within caused Su Ming's pupils to shrink. As a booming sound surged into the sky, his right hand crashed into the explosion brought by the remaining half of the Progenitor's body.

Su Ming staggered a few steps back. When he lifted his head, he saw the Nascent Divinity's almost crumbling form disappear in the distortions which formed the exit of the dimension.

What welcomed him there was the loss of one thousand years while he was moving through the dimensions. He, who only had his Nascent Divinity left, would definitely be injured badly when those one thousand years flowed away. Since he no longer had a body and life force to be absorbed, then what would be absorbed would be the essence in his Nascent Divinity.

If he was lucky enough to survive this encounter, he would no longer be Flame Fiends' Progenitor of before, but would be incredibly weakened.

The gaps between the dimensions were endless and insubstantial, and they might not even lead into the same region. Because of it, the thought of chasing after the Progenitor only appeared briefly in Su Ming's mind before he gave up on it.

He swung his arm to wave away the smoke, and only then did he see a red beast skin pouch where the remainder of the Progenitor's body had self-destructed. He seized the air with his right hand, and the beast skin pouch immediately flew to him. Once Su Ming caught it, he turned his head around and looked at the tree and the Resentful Wei.

The explosion where the Resentful Wei was had already ended. The horse moved and appeared beside Su Ming. It looked slightly tired, but it was not injured.

At that moment, Su Ming stood beside the dimension's exit. It could be said that he had seized the initiative in his hand. Even if he wanted to leave, with just one step, he could do so.

He stared at the one thousand feet tall tree in the distance, and the tree was also staring at Su Ming through the gradually dissipating blood fog. By its side was Progenitor Long Hai.

At the instant Su Ming met the tree's stare and then averted his gaze to look at Progenitor Long Hai, a faint voice suddenly reaching his heart. That voice drifted about, and there was anxiety as well as a strong wave of desire in it.

"Fellow Daoist, save me! I am Long Hai, and I come from True Morning Dao World. My soul was seized by this devilish tree, and I lost myself… Now, with the blood fog Flame Fiends' Progenitor brought forth, the connection between me and the tree has been cut off temporarily, and I was able to regain my mind. Save me…

"I, Long Hai, swear by my power as a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death that no matter whether you choose to save me or not, if I regain my freedom, then I will acknowledge you as my master. If I go against my oath, then my Nascent Divinity will scatter into the universe, and all generations of the Long Family will die!" As Long Hai said these words, a strange connection suddenly appeared in the depths of Su Ming's heart.

This connection was faint and indistinct, and it drifted about just like the voice.

"An oath from a person in Mastery Realm!" Xu Hui immediately said swiftly. Long Hai's voice, which had traveled into Su Ming's mind, had also been heard by Xu Hui, Xuan Shang, Yun You, Nian Yin, and Hua Yu. Xu Hui clearly became agitated.

"This oath cannot be made easily. Not only did he swear it, he even activated the indistinct fate lingering all around us. It has already been branded in the universe and has turned into a promise!

"Progenitor Long Hai… what resolute courage!"

As Xu Hui spoke, Su Ming narrowed his eyes into slits. A brilliant light shone within them. It was just as Xu Hui said, this Progenitor Long Hai was indeed incredibly courageous. This was clearly a rare moment when he could be conscious, which was why he seized it, and without even waiting to see whether Su Ming would agree to his request, he handed Su Ming everything about himself and swore the oath.

This was him using the fastest time and the shortest amount of words necessary to show his greatest sincerity. He was clearly worried that Su Ming would not believe in his words and he would miss this opportunity, which was why… he decided to spare no pains and give up everything about himself!

Because of it, he could instantly obtain Su Ming's trust, causing his request for help to turn into a temptation. This temptation was the thought of having a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death serving as a guard from then on. It also caused the matter of saving Long Hai to turn from being important to only Long Hai to become equally important to Su Ming.

The change in his thoughts, the appearance of these words, and the swearing of this oath made it clear that Progenitor Long Hai was indeed an Almighty in Mastery Realm. If it had been anyone else, they might have spent a long amount of time in obtaining each other's trust, and since this had nothing to do with Su Ming, there was a high possibility that he would have just turned around and left. Even if he attacked, he would feel as if he was doing it for someone else, so once any danger appeared, he would immediately give up.

But now, it was completely different.

Su Ming pondered over it quietly for a moment before a cold sneer appeared on his lips. He swiftly appeared beside the one thousand feet tall tree and took a step forward. Before he could close in, the one thousand feet tall tree swayed, and the eyes on the trunk stared at Su Ming with a dark light.

"You didn't choose to leave? Then stay."

Buzzing sounds reverberated in the air. The one thousand foot tall tree started swaying intensely, and numerous leaves floated into the air. There were three thousand of them, and they were gathering together to form a long sword. As they charged forward, they moved away from the disappearing blood fog and straight at Su Ming.

"These three thousand leaves signify the three thousand Great Daos. Within them are three thousand fates. This fate is too intriguing and mysterious for words, and this fate is how I, the ancestor of all trees, will bring about the rise and fall of fate!"

The buzzing from the one thousand feet tall tree reverberated in the air, and the long sword formed by the three thousand leaves immediately appeared in front of Su Ming as if it had sliced through space.

A piercingly cold glare appeared in Su Ming's eyes.

"You are just an impostor who pretends to be in Fate Realm. How dare you say you're in the Realm of the Rise and Fall of Fate?!" Su Ming let out a cold snort. At the instant the long sword formed by leaves closed in on him, he lifted his right hand and slashed down with it.

The Execution of Three Evils!

The entire world looked as if it had been cut by a sharp blade before Su Ming. The slash landed on the incoming sword made of leaves. With a bang, a loud bang surged into the sky, and the sword formed by leaves crumbled.

The eyes on the tree focused, and at the same time, with a proud air as if he was looking down at the world, Su Ming's voice echoed in the world.

"You puny shoot, how dare you call yourself ancestor before me?!"

As Su Ming's words echoed in the air, the full force of Ecang's presence erupted from the body of the supreme treasure Su Ming controlled, without a single hint of it being held back. The appearance of Ecang's presence swept up the sky, the air, and caused the world to look as if it had been overturned.

His presence was filled with an untamed, arrogant, domineering air, along with a madness that said he looked down on all lives, as well as an indescribable malice!

The tree's expression instantly changed drastically!
