# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 991

Within the many dimensions in the fifth kiln were three borders. They were like boundary lines that divided the fifth kiln into four regions.

These borders were formed by a ring of floating platforms, and each one of them was known as Spirit Trudging Platform.

At that moment, there were six platforms shining with a faint light. They were connected together, and could be seen from the distance. As for the other platforms, they were shrouded by a layer of fog, making it so people would be unable to see them clearly and tell what precisely was on them.

Six shining Spirit Trudging Platforms meant that there were six people who had stepped into the fifth kiln. If more people arrived, then more Spirit Trudging Platforms would be revealed from their indistinct state.

This was the curious aspect about the fifth kiln. It seemed to possess life and could sense the number of people who stepped in it, then use Spirit Trudging Platforms by the three borders to show their number. If anyone died, their Spirit Trudging Platform would disappear.

At that moment, there were two people who were sitting and meditating on two of the six Spirit Trudging Platforms. Needless to say, they were Reverend Zi Long and the yellow-browed man.

Their levels of cultivation were the highest, which was why they were the faster to move through the dimensions in the outer layer and arrive at the third level's border. They had been waiting in this place for a long time.

The two of them did not choose to continue moving forward, but chose to wait for the others. To them, the dimensions beyond the third level's border might be mixed up, but as long as their luck was not too bad, then with their power, they should not die. At most, they would spend different amounts of time to reach this place.

Based on their speculations, with just one more day, the others should be able to arrive one after another.

But just then, while the yellow-browed man and Reverend Zi Long were meditating with their eyes closed and not speaking to each other, because of which the area was in a state of silence, light started to shine around the third platform.

The flashing light instantly caused the space around them to brighten up, and it made Reverend Zi Long to open his eyes with a hint of surprise within them.

The yellow-browed man on the other platform also opened his eyes. His gaze fell on the flashing platform, and though his expression remained the same, his heart was also filled with curiosity. He wondered who would be the third after him and Zi Long to arrive in this place and who was clearly slightly earlier from their estimated time.

When the both of them looked over, the flashing light from the third platform instantly reached its brightest. As it flashed rapidly, it looked as if even the platform had descended into a state of chaos, continuously changing from a state of being an illusion to being something real.

After a moment, an indistinct figure appeared out of thin air and slowly gained corporeal form… Based on the figure's outline, Zi Long and the yellow-browed man could tell that this was not Zhu You Cai or Flame Fiends' Progenitor.

This could only be the white-robed teenager that was the centipede or Su Ming, who was the weakest among them in terms of their level of cultivation but seemed to possess some sort of mystery.

When that figure gained complete physical form several breaths later, Su Ming stood on the platform. His expression was apathetic, and there was not a hint of emotion about him. He looked around him in silence then sat down cross-legged in silence.

Su Ming's appearance immediately caused a sparkle to appear in the yellow-browed man's eyes. This was the second time he paid attention to this person who did not speak much in front of him.

The first time was during the previous gamble, but compared to this time, the attention he paid to him during the previous gamble was somewhat insignificant. The yellow-browed man cast Su Ming a deep glance. He knew that if luck could be used to explain why Su Ming arrived earlier during the gamble, then when he became the third person to walk out this time, it was enough to prove his strength.

For all people with power, no matter where they were, they could receive respect. The yellow-browed man fell into contemplative silence for a moment before he swept his gaze past Su Ming's body, and some thoughts formed in his head.

Once Zi Long saw that the person who walked out was Su Ming, his eyes instantly focused, but he did not say anything. Instead, he closed his eyes again and began meditating.

It was very quiet. Su Ming and the other two were all sitting cross-legged. None of them spoke. Su Ming lifted his head to look at the air. He watched the fog tumbling about, creating a cloudy look, and he recalled the two guesses he'd made.

No matter which one was correct, to him, this time, his trip to the fifth kiln would no doubt become a brand that would not be destroyed in his life.

Su Ming closed his eyes. He still had no answer to this matter, but he knew clearly that as he got closer to the core of the fifth kiln, more and more of his questions would be answered.

It would continue becoming clearer until he saw everything distinctly, and he would see… which of his two guesses were correct.

As Su Ming meditated, time trickled by slowly. When about a day passed, light shone from the fourth platform. Just like when Su Ming appeared previously, when the light from the fourth platform reached its brightest, an indistinct figure appeared inside.

Before that figure became clear, the fifth platform started shining as well, and an indistinct figure appeared there too.

As the two platforms shone, the area was basked in alternating shades of light and dark. Several breaths later, Zhu You Cai stepped onto the fourth platform. His body was incredibly large. When his foot landed on the platform, it shuddered.

Once he appeared, he immediately looked towards the shining fifth platform, but surprise soon appeared in his eyes. On the fifth platform, the white-robed teenager who was the centipede took shape.

When Zhu You Cai looked over, the white-robed teenager also met his gaze. Once the two of them exchanged glances, they did not speak, but looked around them at the same time. The yellow-browed man and Reverend Zi Long's figures did not cause much changes in their expressions, but when they saw Su Ming, their pupils contracted.

Su Ming was on the third platform and did not open his eyes because of the light flashing from the fourth and the fifth platform. However, when Zhu You Cai and the white-robed teenager looked over in his direction, he seemed to have noticed it and opened his eyes, then looked back in a brusque manner. There was an aloof and indifferent look contained in his eyes.

Zhu You Cai's eyes shone, and he chose to avoid his gaze. He did not look at Su Ming for too long and sat down cross-legged before he trained his eyes towards the empty sixth platform. He was slightly puzzled in his heart. What exactly had happened to Flame Fiends' Progenitor that prevented him from rushing over here for so long?

As for the white-robed teenager, he flashed Su Ming a well-intentioned smile before wrapping his fist in his palm as a greeting to him. Once he did so, he sat down and seized the air with his right hand. The catwoman immediately appeared. She looked thin and haggard, and the bite marks on her neck had already turned pitch black, but her eyes remained apathetic, as if she had lost her soul.

The white-robed teenager bit down on her neck again. Su Ming watched this scene with a cold gaze. Though his expression did not change, the people in the body formed by the supreme treasure all sensed a killing intent coming from Su Ming's soul.

This killing intent caused their souls to chill. Only Progenitor Long Hai thought of something when he saw the catwoman. In truth, when he fused into the body formed by the supreme treasure earlier, he noticed Xu Hui, and once he did so, a number of guesses had already formed in his heart. Progenitor Long Hai might not have seen Xu Hui before, but her presence and the unique cultivation method that belonged to Phoenix Sect could naturally not be hidden from him.

'Phoenix Sect's Sacred Lady… Supreme treasure from the Xuan Family, and this catwoman who has clearly been struck by Phoenix Sect's Transformation Curse… and he could even make that damn tree worship him. Just… who is this person?' Progenitor Long Hai's expression remained as impassive as ever, but he was already beginning to guess Su Ming's status.

Su Ming watched the white-robed teenager absorb the catwoman's blood and essence. Even though this woman did not have too much of a connection to him, she had called him her master. Since he replaced everything about Dao Kong, then with how protective Su Ming was of his friends and family, this was enough for his killing intent to rise.

If it was not because the white-robed teenager was clearly with Reverend Zi Long and Su Ming would not only not be able to achieve his goal but even be in danger if he attacked, he would have struck a long time ago.

At that moment, he swept his gaze past the white-robed teenager. His expression remained the same and no one else could tell that he had the desire to kill him. Since he could scheme against Flame Fiends' Progenitor who clearly harbored malicious intent towards him, he could naturally use a similar method to kill another person.

So what if he was... a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death?!

If Su Ming brought out his full power and had Progenitor Long Hai attack at full force, then this would no longer be just the power of Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death. Instead… he would truly possess power that belonged to a Master of Fate, Lives, and Death. This was also part of the reason why Su Ming had saved Progenitor Long Hai.

When Su Ming averted his gaze, he closed his eyes and hid away the killing intent that no one could detect under his calm gaze. However, at the instant he closed his eyes, he suddenly opened them again.

His gaze landed on the catwoman, and after a long while, when he closed his eyes to meditate again, a huge wave stirred in his heart.

During that instant just then, Su Ming had suddenly thought of something. He had replaced Dao Kong and was in control of everything about him, and the main reason behind it was that he was an Abyss Builder. He had the innate ability to Possess others.

Then with the high level of cultivation Su Xuan Yi possessed… How powerful would be his innate ability to Possess others?!

If Su Ming could Possess Ecang, then could Su Xuan Yi have… After his fight against Dao Chen?

This sudden thought caused Su Ming's breathing to quicken. He remembered Dao Chen entering isolation… remembered how he had met Dao Kong when he came to Divine Essence Star Ocean.

'If all of this is the embodiment of his will, then could it be his arrangement that Dao Kong appeared here? And Xu Hui… was also sent here together?' As Su Ming's thoughts changed, the sixth Spirit Trudging Platform suddenly shone with a powerful light.

The only person who could walk out of the sixth Spirit Trudging Platform… was Flame Fiends' Progenitor who lost his physical body and now only had his Nascent Divinity left!

When Su Ming lifted his head to look over, a piercing cold glare shone in his eyes. He wanted to see what Flame Fiends' Progenitor would say and what expression he would have once he saw Su Ming after he lost his physical body.
