# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 995

"Fellow Daoist, please don't bear a grudge against me for this. I'll be kindly accepting this old man's Nascent Divinity." A long string of laughter echoed in the air. The white centipede instantly appeared in front of Su Ming, and he was so quick that it seemed as if while his words were still in the distance, his body had already arrived like an afterimage. He opened his mouth in a hideous fashion to bite into the extremely exhausted Flame Fiends' Progenitor whose Nascent Divinity's essence had already been mostly wasted away.

When Su Ming saw that the white centipede wanted to devour the Nascent Divinity of Flame Fiends' Progenitor, a fierce look instantly appeared in his eyes. He had been waiting for this chance for a long, long time, and this cautious as well as cunning centipede had finally fallen into his trap. This was truly him using Flame Fiends' Progenitor as bait to lure him forward.

So how could he let that centipede just devour him?!

At the instant the piercing cold light shone in Su Ming's eyes, his power erupted in a frenzy. This was the power after Su Ming had his Ecang clone fuse completely with the supreme treasure's body. Under Su Ming's will, Progenitor Long Hai also brought forth all of his power and fused it in, creating the most powerful force Su Ming could muster at that moment!

He was no longer infinitesimally close to the power that belonged to Masters of Fate, Lives and Death. This was… the true power of Mastery Realm, and he was not just a normal Almighty in Mastery Realm. Instead, he had already reached the terrifying power of those at the peak of Mastery Realm!

After all, Progenitor Long Hai was an Almighty who was already near the peak of Mastery Realm. Because of it, when all the other people's power was added into the mix, they could bring forth the peak of Mastery Realm!

It was difficult to call this level of cultivation as being in Mastery Realm. This was already… half a step into Fate Realm! If Su Ming could understand fate, then he would reach the Fate Realm. He would be the same as Heaven Traversers' Progenitor, but his true power could far surpass that of that person.

As for fate… even if Su Ming did not understand it himself, he still had the three-leafed grass, and since this item could let the one thousand feet tree execute the power of fate, then it was naturally the rare type of treasure which had the same effect as Heaven Traversers' legacy treasure.

The body created by Xuan Family's supreme treasure, this extremely powerful, law-defying treasure forced Su Ming to admit that he was tempted. He was not just slightly tempted, but incredibly tempted to obtain it!

The offensive power at the peak of Mastery Realm turned into a mighty pressure, and at the moment it erupted from the body of the supreme treasure Su Ming controlled, wind rose, clouds surged, weather changed, and even the sea of fire that surrounded this world tumbled backwards.

A shocking scene appeared in the sky. The sea of fire tumbled about as if there was an invisible hand that swept it aside, as if the fire in the sky had turned into a veil, and when that hand lifted it, it revealed the sky after the flames had burned it!

The ground trembled furiously. Cracks appeared as it shattered. Booming sounds reverberated ceaselessly in the air, and a large number of volcanoes instantly collapsed. Lava flowed through the land while roaring, but an invisible gust of wind blew past it, and it instantly froze.

It was as if the world, the sky, and the earth had frozen up under the mighty pressure from the power brought by the peak of Mastery Realm that belonged to the body of the supreme treasure Su Ming controlled.

Almost at the instant that power erupted from Su Ming, the white centipede who intended to devour Flame Fiends' Progenitor had a swift and drastic change in his expression. Disbelief and shock appeared on his face. Even though Flame Fiends' Progenitor was by his mouth, he instantly felt chilled.

'A trap! This is a trap!'

The centipede was screaming at that moment, but he did not have time to think about it. With one move, he let go of Flame Fiends' Progenitor's Nascent Divinity, which was already by his mouth. Instead, he moved, about to use the speed it was proud of and which even the Almighties in Mastery Realm would have a headache with to instantly escape...

But Su Ming had taken precautions against this. It could be said that the real goal of his trap was to suppress the centipede's speed. How could Su Ming let him escape? Almost the instant the centipede was about to flee, the black resentful flames in the area tumbled backwards with a bang, and Flame Fiends' Progenitor also let out a furious roar to rush towards the white centipede.

The reason why he chose to rush out even though he was in a horrible condition was because Su Ming had said a few words to him at that moment.

"Do you want to make this act real, or make this real thing happening right now into an act?"

The white centipede let out a piercing roar. With one move, he was about to rush out of the resentful fire, but at the instant he touched it, the resentful fire at the spot he touched manifested into the Resentful Wei. It charged straight into the centipede.

Booming sounds surged into the sky. The Resentful Wei let out a loud roar. As it moved back, a powerful hatred appeared in its eyes. The resentment in the two dragon heads was incredibly great, and a great amount of resentful fire burst out.

"Wei… You are the manifestation of Ancient Wei's soul!"

The white centipede was also forced back by the impact and instantly turned into the white-robed teenager. Disbelief appeared on his face, and there was even a distorted tone in his piercing voice.

His expression changed drastically. He had harbored incredible hate towards Su Ming's black horse earlier but was unable to find the source of that hate. Yet during the clash just then, both of their presences were forced out of their bodies. Because of that, he immediately found the source of his hatred.

This was… Ancient Wei's presence. It was an ancient arch nemesis that had hidden since the beginning of time in the white-robed teenager's blood!

The three ancient kingdoms had waged constant war. Their hatred towards each other was branded into their people's souls, and as it was transferred through generation after generation, their descendants fought and killed each other generation after generation. If they did not destroy the others' country, they would definitely not stop!

"You are… a Resentful Wei!" The white-robed teenager's expression was incredibly sour. There was also madness on his face. He could not see any flaws in this situation. It had been his greed that tempted him to step into this trap.

In truth, even though the Resentful Wei was also in Mastery Realm, it was an inferior life form compared to the white-robed teenager. After all, the white-robed teenager could take human form, while the Resentful Wei could not. After all, the teenager possessed the blood of Ancient Wu, while the Resentful Wei was a life form formed by Ancient Wei's resentment.

However, during the battle Su Ming had waged for the past few days, the Resentful Wei had executed its power continuously. It had already changed the laws in this place. As they changed and the Resentful Wei burned the area, it could be said that a powerful prison had been formed in the place.

It would have been fine if that jail had been left alone, but once it started shrinking, then even with the white-robed teenager's speed, he would not be able to rush out within a short amount of time. At the instant he moved back, Flame Fiends' Progenitor pounced on him. The madness on his face was no less than that on the white-robed teenager. When he rushed out, there was a look on him that made it seem as if he wanted to die together with him.

Su Ming had made his point very clear with his words just then. If he did not take action, then he would make the conclusion to make the act real! After such words, how would the old man not use his full strength? Even if he was already extremely exhausted, he still rushed out as if he had gone mad.

There was also bitterness in his heart. He knew that he had completely outclassed by Su Ming this time. If the white-robed teenager had insisted on not coming out, then he would have ended up truly dead.

Even if the white-robed teenager appeared and he obtained his physical body, since he had already used up too much essence of his Nascent Divinity, he wouldn't be able to have his full power erupt for a short period of time. At the very least, while he was in the fifth kiln, he would only… be able to bring out power that was little different from his Nascent Divinity.

It could be said that Su Ming had not suffered any losses in this battle, but had obtained a great amount, and due to the situation that he had planned, he seized the upper hand. No matter how things developed, he would definitely not suffer any losses.

'These sorts of schemes, these kinds of diabolical plans… This person doesn't even bother with principles, and he's not a kind and merciful person. He's one of the fiendish, demonic, heartless people who are temperamental and suddenly turn hostile. Why did I think about provoking him? Damn it, I'll definitely not provoke this person again!'

In bitterness, wariness rose in Flame Fiends' Progenitor towards Su Ming. It even surpassed what he felt when Su Ming had destroyed his physical body. That wariness and respect that came from his heart and soul made him unable to harbor any intentions to exact revenge on Su Ming at all.

He did not dare.

The madness within Flame Fiends' Progenitor and his desperation caused the white-robed teenager to be unable to help but freeze for a moment.

If that was just this, then it would not have been able to make the white-robed teenager to descend into frenzy, but Su Ming exuded power that belonged to those in the peak of Mastery Realm at that moment, and it was enough to make the white-robed teenager break down in this situation.

At the instant he was held back by Flame Fiends' Progenitor, Su Ming lifted his right hand and threw a simple punch forward, but that punch was a punch that belonged to those in the peak of Mastery Realm.

The world crumbled, and all things in the world roared. The volcanoes on the ground shattered. The vortices in the sky looked as if space had been shattered. At the instant the punch was hurled forward, it brought about a great sense of danger to the white-robed teenager. He wanted to dodge, but Flame Fiends' Progenitor held him back in a frenzy, and the resentful fire from the Resentful Wei shrank and closed in while tumbling about and surging into the sky. The loud bangs caused the white-robed teenager to let out an indignant roar in despair.

Su Ming's punch landed on the air in front of the white-robed teenager. As the air distorted, the youth coughed up a large mouthful of blood, and as his body tumbled backwards, Flame Fiends' Progenitor remained stuck to him. He instantly burned up. The Resentful Wei closed in, its resentment surrounding the youth like venom, and it corroded his body, inside and out.

"Fellow Daoist, please forgive me. I've been reckless in this, but I only wanted to kill this damn Flame Fiends' Progenitor. I didn't have any form of hostility towards you. Fellow Daoist, could you let me go this once? I'll remember this for the rest of my life and will definitely repay you!" the white-robed teenage said swiftly with a pleading look in his eyes as he moved back in a disheveled state. His whole body was enveloped in flames and resentful aura. His skin withered, and black spots appeared on it.

What answered him were not words. Instead, with an aloof expression, Su Ming took a step forward, then lifted his right hand and struck with his palm to deliver an attack that caused the world to roar as if it was going to crumble!

A strike… in Mastery Realm!

It was a palm that covered the entire sky and earth. It manifested in front of Su Ming, then swept through the sky as well as the ground. With a presence that could destroy everything, it aimed to destroy the world.

"There's no enmity between us, yet you really intend to kill me?!"

The white-robed teenager retreated swiftly, but he could not escape from Flame Fiends' Progenitor's frenzied pursuit and the attacks from the resentful fire behind him.

"No enmity?" Killing intent shone in Su Ming's eyes, and his right hand swung down.
