# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 996

"You're pushing this too far!"

Once the white-robed teenager heard Su Ming's words, he was momentarily stunned, then he lifted his hands to strike his chest while roaring madly. This strike caused his bones to let out cracking sounds.

"Blood of Ancient Wu, I call upon the spirits of my ancestors to descend on me, and I will burn my blood to inscribe the will of Wu on me!" The white-robed teenager threw his head back and roared. At the instant he did so, the sky became cloudy.

Tumbling fog could be faintly seen above. It spun around in the mid of loud booms, until it turned into a gigantic vortex that replaced the sky. It didn't stop spinning then, and a vast, mighty pressure descended on the ground.

Soon, a gigantic golden pillar of light that was thousands of feet wide and born in an unknown place came out of the vortex. It descended on the ground to envelop the white-robed teenager.

At the same time, Flame Fiends' Progenitor let out a shrill scream of pain. His body started tumbling backwards as if it was evaporating. Only when he retreated thousands of feet back did he stop disintegrating. Fear appeared on his face. It was a look of pure terror.

He could clearly feel that there was a horrifying power within the golden light that appeared just then, and it was a power that could even kill Masters of Fate, Lives, and Death.

Thankfully, its area of effect was not big, or else Flame Fiends' Progenitor would have definitely died.

As for the Resentful Wei, under that golden light, a large amount of black smoke started spreading out from its body. Once the smoke distorted, it turned into indistinct figures. They lifted their heads and let out soundless screams towards that golden light.

The figures might look indistinct, but the hatred in them was obvious at first glance, as well as the golden light's disgust and madness.

The hatred was especially deep in the Resentful Wei. It roared towards the golden light and looked like it wanted to crush whatever was at its end!

Su Ming shuddered. When the golden light enveloped him, a cold chill filled his heart. That chill came from the golden light and seemed to be able to seal even a soul. However, Su Ming's current body possessed the offensive powers of those in the peak of Mastery Realm. He retreated one thousand feet away.

But even if he retreated, shrill screams of pain from Xuan Shang and his group rang out within the body of the supreme treasure. Just being enveloped by the golden light for a moment had severely injured their hearts and souls.

Brilliant light shone in Su Ming's eyes. He lifted his head and looked at the foggy vortex in the sky, from which the golden light was coming.

"I burn my blood and borrow the power of the ancient kingdom. Spirit of Wu, descend on me!"

As the white-robed teenager in the golden light roared madly, his body started withering swiftly while numerous veins popped up on his skin. Bumps swam about within them. It was all the blood in his body tumbling about, as he was swiftly turning gold.

In a dimension at the third border within the fifth kiln was Reverend Zi Long sitting cross-legged on a meadow. There were endless weeds swaying around him. The sky was black, but it was this black sky that caused the weeds to exude a boundless, bizarre air amid the rustling sounds.

Reverend Zi Long's expression was calm. The moment the golden light appeared, the black sky was replaced by gold. It illuminated most of the land. Shrill screams of pain instantly rang out in the air, and it could be seen that there were spiders the size of a fist in the weeds.

They disintegrated under the golden light. Screams of pain reverberated in the air, but it did not attract any attention from Reverend Zi Long. He stared at the sky. He had already stood up, and as the emotions in his eyes changed swiftly, he sucked in a deep breath.

"The power of Ancient Wu… Who… forced fellow Daoist Wu into such a pathetic state that he would spare no pains in burning his soul to borrow the power of the spirits of Ancient Wu?!"

At the same time but in a different dimension, the yellow-browed man was striding forward on the ground. A large number of ferocious beasts in the shape of bears were in front of him, but the man was not bothered by them. Wherever he went, the skulls of the ferocious beasts would be crushed. Their brains would gush out and fly towards the man. When he sucked in a breath, their brains would all be sucked into his mouth.

He was chewing when the sky suddenly brightened and a piercing golden light swiftly covered it. This golden light was very distinct and did not dissipate. The yellow-browed man's footsteps came to a swift halt, and when he lifted his head, his expression instantly turned incomparably grim.

"The power of Ancient Wu…"

At the same time, Zhu You Cai was about to step out of a dimension through the exit when his gaze was attracted by the golden light that suddenly appeared in the sky. When he looked at it, his body swiftly came to a halt. His expression changed constantly, and he fell silent without saying a word.

If this was just a drastic change in the fifth kiln, it would not have caught others' attention, but now… a powerful golden light had completely enveloped the fifth kiln. That golden light that was sent into the kiln… had come this way!

The direction from which the golden light came was not the depths of the galaxy, but from above it!

It came from above the endless galaxy!

Because of it, it wasn't just a few people who saw the golden light. Even though Dust Burners had disappeared from the galaxy, they were still around. Thus, they saw the golden light descending from above the galaxy. They also sensed a powerful, mighty pressure coming from within it.

Dust Burners, Virtue Rooters, and even Reng Wu Race saw that golden light.

Deeper into the inner part of Divine Essence Star Ocean were countless ferocious beasts. They were hiding from the sea of fire formed by the fifth kiln, but the instant they saw the golden light in the galaxy, their hearts were in shock.

Those in the region between the inner part and the periphery of Divine Essence Star Ocean also saw it. In fact, the tribe members of Ninth Tribe also saw the golden light while they were in the region in the periphery!

It was a pillar of light swiftly descending from above the galaxy, like a straight line!

In fact, those in Black Ink Planet could also see it clearly. Even the… forces of power from the four Great True Worlds keeping watch over the Barren Lands of Divine Essence could see it!

Within the forces of power from the four Great True Worlds were the Almighties who were in isolation all year long. At that moment, they walked out of their training grounds, and when they looked at the golden light, different expressions appeared on their faces.

"This is the power of Ancient Wu from fellow Daoist Wu…"

"What sort of danger did he run into that he brought the Ancient Wu's spirit here? Based on what I know, when he uses this power, he is unable to handle it. His blood is… too thin."

Farther away was the territory beyond the Barren Lands of Divine Essence. The people there could not see the golden light, but if there were those who had sent their divine senses into the Barren Lands of Divine Essence and pushed them continuously upwards, then based on different levels of cultivation… perhaps there would be some who could see the end point.

The spot where the golden light came from was the end of the area above the galaxy. Over there… was a foggy vortex. It was the exact same as the one seen in the fifth kiln. If there was anyone who had enough power, then perhaps their divine sense would allow them to see through the end of the vortex above the galaxy, and… a new galaxy there.

That was the galaxy… that belonged to the three Ancient Kingdoms.

The golden light came from the galaxy that belonged to Ancient Wu. The source… was a planet in the shape of a pentagram located at the edge. At the center of this planet… was a gigantic blade that was pushed into the planet!

Golden light shone through the entire blade. Under it was a centipede's carcass that was the size of three fingers' breadth. It had long withered away and was now lying there without moving.

It was the blade's light that shone through the endless space and descended on the fifth kiln. In the world where Su Ming was at that moment, he saw with his own eyes the white-robed teenager's body turn golden under the light. A fathomless, mighty pressure continuously grew stronger within him.

"The power of Ancient Wu…" Su Ming's eyes shrank. His expression was calm as he frowned when looking at the ground. He had noticed faintly that there seemed to be a presence waking up down below.

In the depths of the endless volcanoes was a world that was rarely ventured into, and was one that Su Ming hadn't noticed even after he'd been fighting against Huo Kui for several days.

It was an underground maze formed by countless tunnels densely packed together. In the depths of it was an incredibly spacious cave.

This place was completely dark. But if there had been light there, then it could be seen that… Fire Spirits were sleeping there while a weak wave of heat exuded from their bodies, but there was no light coming from them!

They overlapped one another. There was no end to them, possibly tens of thousands of them packed together. There were big ones and small ones among them, and there were even those who exuded the presence akin to those who were Masters of Fate. This was… clearly a Fire Spirits' nest!

In the depths of this underground cave where tens of thousands of Fire Spirits slept was a skeleton that laid at the end of the cave. This skeleton leaned against the wall, and no one could tell how many years it had been since its owner had died. His robes had decayed, leaving only his bones.

But not even the skeleton remained whole. Only his upper half was left. In one of the hand's was a long, purple spear. Even if this person had died, they still held the spear tightly in their hand.

This bizarre cave, peculiar skeleton, and the spear in the skeleton's hand were hidden in the depths of the ground. No one could say how many years they had gone unnoticed by others, since no one ever came to this place.

Yet at that moment, as the golden light descended on the ground, the originally dark underground cave was lit up by a golden light. It shone through the ceiling above, immediately illuminating the whole cave.

To the living creatures who were used to darkness, the light was incredibly piercing to the eyes. Almost at the instant it appeared, the countless Fire Spirits in the underground cave swiftly began roaring. When they opened their eyes, there was ruthlessness within them. Gradually, the roars became louder and stronger, and when all the Fire Spirits had opened their eyes, their roars reverberated through the whole underground cave.

What Su Ming noticed was the presence of the Fire Spirits waking up!

Almost at the instant that happened, the expression of the white-robed teenager that was enveloped in golden light in front of Su Ming twisted. Unbearable pain appeared on his face. Seven-tenths of his body had turned gold, and even his eyes gained that shade. At the moment, he was glaring at Su Ming with madness shining in his gaze.

He lifted his right hand and seized the air in the direction of the golden light above him.

"Lend me the ancient power to crack the heavens and split the earth!"
