# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 997

As the white-robed teenager seized the golden light, it started distorting. At the same time, endless ripples stirred up. Immediately, the shadow of the golden blade appeared clearly in the white-robed teenager's hands.

When Su Ming looked over, it looked like the white-robed teenager had extracted th shadow of the golden blade straight from the golden light. Once it took shape, a great mighty pressure so powerful it was impossible to put to words descended on the ground with a bang. A loud bang rang out in Flame Fiends' Progenitor's body, and his Nascent Divinity plummeted to the ground as if it had been pushed to the ground by the mighty pressure that seemed to have gained corporeal form. He could not move an inch. His Nascent Divinity also started showing signs of disintegrating, which caused his expression to change to one of shock.

The body of the supreme treasure Su Ming controlled also shuddered under the mighty pressure. He began descending slowly, as if the entire universe was collapsing and its weight was pressed on his body. It pushed him to the ground until his feet sank into the earth.

All forms of life had to bow down and worship before this mighty pressure. If they did not, their bodies and souls would be destroyed. Su Ming remained standing with strenuous effort, his head raised to stare at the white-robed teenager in the sky. A cold glare appeared in his eyes.

The only being who was mostly unaffected by the mighty pressure was… the Resentful Wei.

This two dragon-headed black horse let out a roar filled with a sinister tone the moment the power of Ancient Wu from the white-robed teenager descended. This roar echoed in the air and turned into thick, black smoke around the black horse. As it distorted, it turned into indistinct figures. The shapes of these figures could not be seen clearly, but based on their outlines, it could be guessed that they were men and women, the elderly and the young. As if they had gone mad, they roared at the golden light around the white-robed teenager and the golden blade in his hands.

A hatred that even mortals could sense gushed out of the Resentful Wei's without restraint and it seemed to want to fight against the golden light.

"Crack the Heavens!"

The white-robed teenager had now mostly turned gold. He lifted the golden blade in his hands with much difficulty and cut down at the ground. It could be seen that this slash put a huge strain on him.

His body instantly turned incomparably thin, as if all his flesh, blood, essence, and even his soul had turned into the source to execute this one slash from the blade.

As he swung the blade down, the ground beneath Su Ming's feet immediately roared, and cracks appeared on it. His feet sank in deeper because of the mighty pressure, so only half his body remained above the ground. That mighty pressure caused all of Su Ming's blood to freeze, and this was when he possessed the body of the supreme treasure. If he did not have it and the mighty pressure was not divided among the people in the body, then even his Ecang clone would have almost shattered under the mighty pressure.

After all, Su Ming's Ecang was incomplete.

This slash was not aimed at Su Ming, but the roaring Resentful Wei beside him, and Su Ming could see clearly that since the color of the white-robed teenager was replaced by gold, he showed a spark of consciousness that did not seem to belong to him. Instead, it was a gaze of someone who regarded themselves superior to all, who looked down on the universe as if it was an ant.

"Filthy ants of Lower Realm, thou dost dare fight against the mighty Wu?"

The voice tumbling out of the white-robed teenager's mouth had a strange rhythm to it, along with a cold, merciless gaze that made him seem as if he was standing above the nine heavens and looking down at the universe.

It did not matter whether he was looking at Huo Kui or Su Ming, he regarded them the same. Only when he looked at the Resentful Wei did a grim look appear on his face, as if this Resentful Wei was the only thing worthy of his attention and could be regarded as an equal.

"An Immortal from the Higher Kingdoms!"

Flame Fiends' Progenitor shuddered. There was also a quiver in his voice. His words might have been faint, but Su Ming could still hear them. At the instant he did so, the freezing glare in his eyes became even colder.

The people from the three Ancient Kingdoms were indeed known as Immortals from the Higher Kingdoms in the eyes of the people from the four Great True Worlds.

With one slash, the youth cut through the sky, and the slash turned into a dazzling ray of golden light. There was an indescribable ray contained within it. This light was as breathtaking as the light that split apart space when the universe was born. It was the divine ability: Crack the Heavens!

That one slash contained the power to tear open the chaos in space, to turn the heavy parts into the earth and the light parts into the power of the sky. Even though the white-robed teenager could not bring forth the full power of the slash, but by activating the power of Ancient Wu within his blood, he still managed to bring forth a certain amount of power from the blade.

This was a divine ability that the white-robed teenager had to cast with his life. He could only burn his blood once in his life, so once he died, he would definitely die, but even if he died, he still wanted to burn his blood and reach his peak, to activate the pride of Ancient Wu in his blood.

With one slash, the weather changed. The dimension where Su Ming was instantly fell silent. Flame Fiends' Progenitor shuddered. The ruthless and rampaging Fire Spirits in the ground also fell silent at that instant.

It was not just them. All the living beings in the fifth kiln, even the one thousand feet tall tree, sensed the might of Ancient Wu cracking the heavens.

Reverend Zi Long's expression turned dark. He still stood on the meadow and looked at the sky. His expression continued changing, but after a long while, he sighed. He knew that the white-robed teenager would definitely die.

"It's a pity that we didn't manage to go through with our alliance. If that's the case, I might really have to work together with Huang Mei for the supreme treasures later." Zi Long shook his head.

In another dimension, the yellow-browed man frowned. When he looked at the gold hue in the sky, a hint of wariness shone in his eyes.

"I didn't expect that the fellow with the blood of Ancient Wu would be able to bring forth such offensive power…"

Su Ming stared intently at the slash the white-robed teenager executed. His body was forcefully suppressed by the mighty pressure, which enveloped him in a way that he was unable to move even a single inch. He could only watch helplessly as the golden blade went charging at the Resentful Wei.

As for the black horse, as it roared, the black smoke around its body started spinning. It turned into a vortex that looked like a black hole.

In the face of the incoming slash that cracked the heavens, the Resentful Wei did not retreat. Instead, it charged forward.

But before it did so, it turned its head around to cast a glance at Su Ming, who was suppressed on the ground and unable to move. In that one glance was a farewell. When the black horse turned its head back, it had already turned into a black shooting star that rushed at the golden blade that cracked the heavens.

This was its mission. It was the brand formed by the resentful aura from Ancient Wei left in its soul. The resent towards the universe reached its peak when it saw a blood descendant of Ancient Wu. It wanted to rush out and fight against him!

Su Ming saw the Resentful Wei cast that look, the farewell within it, and his heart trembled. Faint hints of red then appeared in his eyes. He remembered his promise to the Resentful Wei!

"Resentful Wei, from now on, I will kill all living beings who want to kill you. This is the promise I made with you, and it is my promise to the whole universe!"

"My promise…"

The red deepened in Su Ming's eyes. His heart was trembling, his soul boiling, and all the willpower in his body fighting furiously against the mighty pressure that came from the outer world.

At that moment, a violent bang rang out in the world, as if it wanted to separate the world again. It reverberated through the area, and it was the sound of the golden blade that could crack the heavens crashing against the black shooting star that was the Resentful Wei.

As booming sounds echoed in the air, the Resentful Wei fell backwards. Its body was forcefully sliced apart in midair, and amid the loud bangs, it turned into black smoke. Quite a large part of it instantly dissipated, while the remaining part gathered together to turn into the Resentful Wei. Its body was filled with injuries, and it was a startling sight to behold. The presence spreading out from it was also incredibly faint and weak.

A thick aura of death surrounded the black horse.

As for the golden blade, it paused for a moment in mid air. The golden light became weaker, but its attack did now slow down. With the white-robed teenager holding onto it, it slashed down at the Resentful Wei again.

Su Ming's body trembled furiously. A low roar came from his mouth, and it was as loud as a clap of thunder. He had made a promise with the Resentful Wei, and he would fulfill that promise!

Even if the price was too great, but since he made that promise, he could not just let the Resentful Wei bear the attack executed by the white-robed teenager when he was in no danger. After all, the white-robed teenager would die soon after, and Su Ming would win just like that.

However, while other people might hesitate before they chose to interfere with this, Su Ming would definitely not do so!

He could not rush out with the body of the supreme treasure under the mighty pressure, but he still had his methods. At the instant the slash that cracked heaven from the golden blade charged with its remaining might towards the nearly dead Resentful Wei, Su Ming sent forth a thought to Xuan Shang, one so firm that it allowed no one to refuse him.

"Open the body of the supreme treasure, I want to go out!"

Almost at the instant Su Ming mentioned that, a huge force erupted with a bang from his soul within the body of the supreme treasure, causing Xuan Shang's mind to tremble and immediately choose to obey him. However, he did not dissolve the body of the supreme treasure. He only nullified the connection between Su Ming and the body.

At the moment he did so, a powerful light suddenly flashed between the brows of the body formed by the supreme treasure. As it shone, overlapping shadows immediately appeared. Su Ming's real body stepped out of them in one step.

At the instant he walked out, the mighty pressure descended on him with a bang. Su Ming lifted his right hand and clenched his fist. Within it, there was a certain creature.

It was… the poisonous wasp that contained the God Ascension Nectar.

The stinger from the wasp was already out. When Su Ming clenched his fist, no one noticed anything unusual about it. But right then, the stinger pierced his palm. Poison that was fused with the God Ascension Nectar instantly surged into his body.

Su Ming felt as if his heart was going to burst. During that instant, as a loud bang rang out in his mind, the blood in his body started boiling. As the God Ascension Nectar swam through his blood, veins popped up on Su Ming's face while he fought against the mighty pressure from the sky.
