# Pursuit of the Truth Chapter 998

As Su Ming resisted it, intense pain shot through his body. That indescribable pain came from his body being crushed and his soul tearing under the pressure.

There were certain times when pain was the source of a person's madness, and it was the case for Su Ming at that moment. The more pain he felt, the more bloodshot his eyes became, and the more the God Ascension Nectar in his body fused with his blood.

"Ecang!"

At that moment, Su Ming no longer cared about whether he would expose himself. He had made a promise with the Resentful Wei, and he would definitely deliver on it!

When Su Ming said the word, his Ecang clone let out a projection with a bang, and under it, Su Ming rushed forward swiftly. With it, he crashed into the mighty pressure.

With a bang, Su Ming coughed up blood. The Ecang projection that appeared behind him crumbled, but this collapse completed the arrival of the Ecang clone. Once it appeared and fused with Su Ming, his strongest offensive power erupted from his body, and he took a step forward again.

This step immediately caused cracks to appear on his body. Blood covered every inch of him, but as he threw his head back to laugh, he did not bother to wipe away the blood at the corners of his mouth. Instead, he summoned the clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole!

When it fused with him, Su Ming's physical strength reached its strongest. When he took a step forward again, the sky roared. He coughed up a large mouthful of blood, and his vision became blurry. By then, he had already turned into a blood-soaked person.

A thick fragrance from the God Ascension Nectar spread out. Under the stimulation provided by the nectar in his broken body, he started rapidly recovering. An abundance of life force filled him. It felt as if even if he was a dead person, this life force would bring him back.

The God Ascension Nectar, his Ecang clone, and his clone that practiced the Art of Swallowing Hollow Shadows Whole allowed Su Ming to take his fourth step forward. All of this might seem to have happened over a long period of time, but in truth, only a few breaths had passed since the moment Su Ming appeared to the instant he took his fourth step. At that moment, when the fourth step landed, he appeared right in front of the incredibly exhausted and nearly dead Resentful Wei!

Su Ming stood by it while drenched in blood. At that moment, he looked as if he had turned into a blazing sun, causing everyone's gazes to be unconsciously attracted to him.

Flame Fiends' Progenitor was already struck dumb. His mind was blank. As he looked at Su Ming and his unfamiliar face, he instinctively looked at the body of the supreme treasure, and soon seemed to come to a vague understanding.

The moment he grasped it, his body was stimulated by Ecang's presence spreading out of Su Ming's body and the God Ascension Nectar. It caused his breathing to quicken, and disbelief appeared on his face.

The sight of Su Ming fighting back head-on against the mighty pressure caused a storm in his heart.

The people in the body formed by the supreme treasure were also in shock. Xu Hui was relatively calm, but Xuan Shang, Yun You, Nian Yin, and Hua Yu's expressions had turned into a mess. They originally thought Su Ming was very powerful, but when they looked over at him at the moment, all of their previous impressions of him were overturned.

It was especially so for Progenitor Long Hai. His eyes sparkled brightly. He might have been able to tell that this body was formed by the Xuan Family's supreme treasure, but he did not manage to tell that there were so many secrets contained in Su Ming's body.

As for that God Ascension Nectar, even he desired it.

While standing in front of the Resentful Wei, Su Ming lifted his head to look at the golden blade the white-robed teenager had swung down with much difficulty. He did not know that the Resentful Wei was looking at his back quietly at that moment.

Just then, when it cast that one glance, Su Ming had remembered his promise.

As the Resentful Wei stared at Su Ming, he also remembered the promise he was given. At the moment, Su Ming was using his actions to fulfill that promise, even if the price for it was incredibly great.

Su Ming's appearance caused the now golden-eyed white -robed teenager's pupils to shrink, but the golden blade slicing down did not stop. It charged towards Su Ming, who threw his head back and roared. Even if his body was about to shatter, he still lifted his left hand, then formed a seal and pointed at the incoming blade.

With it came Su Ming's greatest Origin divine ability—winter, autumn, summer, spring!

The Art of his Life Matrix—the flames of summer brought forth a thick sea of fire that instantly erupted from the blood of Su Ming's body. They fused into his left index finger, which then turned into a fire finger that pointed at the incoming golden blade.

This finger contained Su Ming's determination, his promise, and the explosive charge of his willpower. At the instant it crashed into the golden blade, the world roared!

Loud booms shook the sky and earth and turned into an impact that swept through all directions. Su Ming coughed up blood and retreated, but forced himself to stop in front of the Resentful Wei. His face was pale and he trembled, but the light from the golden blade had grown weaker again. However, it still continued drawing closer.

At that moment, Su Ming was already severely injured. If he did not have the God Ascension Nectar with him, even if he had not died from the slash just then, he would have definitely been unable to stand up.

However, he the God Ascension Nectar, which allowed him to stand up. Its domineering power was a force that would allow a person to possess life force no matter what condition their bodies were in.

In fact, it could even be seen that the God Ascension Nectar had formed thin threads in Su Ming's body and connected it together. If anyone could within it, they would realize that there were countless injuries to his organs and even his soul, but they were all connected by the power of the God Ascension Nectar.

This was the God Ascension Nectar!

Su Ming could not retreat. Behind him was the Resentful Wei, whom he had promised to protect no matter what. At the instant the golden blade came forth, Su Ming closed his eyes, then lifted his right hand to point at the sky, and pushed his left hand at the ground.

"That which exists between the past and the future is Destiny!"

This was a divine ability that he had not used for a long time. A purple-haired man immediately appeared above him, and beneath his left hand was an infant with his eyes closed.

Once these two figures overlapped with Su Ming's body, a ripple of power erupted with a bang from his body, causing his hair to fly. His appearance instantly changed to that of a seven- or eight-year-old child. He rushed out swiftly and charged towards the incoming golden blade.

The boy Su Ming turned into lifted his right hand to form a seal and pointed forward. Immediately, the golden blade looked as if it had stopped in midair, then as if it had sliced apart space itself, it let out a loud bang and charged towards Su Ming once more.

Su Ming tumbled backwards and coughed up blood again. The injuries on his body grew even more severe, but the previous test had allowed him to know that he could not change the trajectory of time for the golden blade!

However, during this battle, the white-robed teenager had been reduced to mere skin and bones. He was so thin that he looked as if he was going to die if wind blew against him. An incredibly thick aura of death surrounded his body. That aura of death spread out to bear witness to him walking swiftly towards death.

The youth glared at Su Ming. The hand holding onto the blade was already trembling, and he was gritting his teeth to persevere.

This was a battle where the first to fall would be the first to die!

When Su Ming moved back, blood capillaries filled his eyes, and a hint of madness appeared about him. His transformation into Destiny did not have any effect. Then… what would happen if he went through another transformation while he was Destiny?!

Su Ming had thought about this before, but he had never tried it. However, he wanted to try it right then.

As he moved back, he stopped once again in front of the Resentful Wei. Then, Su Ming lifted his head and closed his eyes. With his right hand lifted towards the sky while his left hand was lowered to the ground, he once again… executed the transformation into Destiny!

"That which exists between the past and the future is the present!"

Su Ming's voice was hoarse when he spoke. The moment his body went through the transformation into Destiny again, pain that surpassed what Su Ming had ever experienced was suddenly reflected on his face, and he threw his head back to roar.

As he did so, a large part of his skin cracked. Fresh blood gushed out of his body, but a presence that had never come from Su Ming's body erupted.

The explosive charge of this presence caused Su Ming's hair to instantly turn white. As his face charged, he turned into a teenager of about thirteen- to fourteen-years-old from a child of seven- to eight-years-old. The powerful presence about him lashed against the world. When Su Ming opened his eyes, there was an aloof look within them.

Three breaths!

At the instant Su Ming went through the second transformation of Destiny, he immediately gained an epiphany. He knew that he only had three breaths in the second transformation. However, within these three breaths, the offensive power he could bring forth…

… was no longer below Mastery Realm. He could execute… the power of Mastery Realm!

When Su Ming moved forward, he instantly closed in on the white-robed teenager, and booming sounds instantly echoed in the air. Two breaths later, when the two of them fell backwards, Su Ming stopped once more in front of the Resentful Wei. A decaying presence spread out of his body, and his appearance instantly changed. When he turned into his original self, his body trembled and he coughed up blood as if he was about to fall over.

When he looked at the white-robed teenager, he saw that when he was forced back, he also coughed up blood. The golden hue on his body was disappearing right before his eyes. The golden blade in his hand was also turning into golden light. By the looks of it, it was about to dissipate.

As the youth laughed brokenly, a bit of the white-robed teenager's consciousness seemed to have returned to him. The golden hue in his eyes had already become so faint that it could barely be seen. The burning of his blood had reached its end.

"I… still have one skill left… Split the Earth!" The white-robed teenager swung the golden blade that was about to dissipate, having forced himself to gather up his final strength.

Su Ming's pupils shrank. When he sucked in a deep breath, he prepared himself to summon the Sand Spirit.

He could still summon the Sand Spirit twice. Su Ming did not want to use it so easily; if he could afford not to use it, he intended not to use it. Yet if the white-robed teenager still had strength in him to fight, Su Ming would have to summon the Sand Spirit.

But the moment the white-robed teenager lifted the blade, it suddenly disintegrated. A confused look appeared on the youth's face. His body trembled, and his presence disappeared without a trace. He… plummeted to the ground.

He had already burned all of his blood. As he plummeted, the golden light within his body completely disappeared. Even what was beyond the fifth kiln in the world outside had also vanished completely.

The battle ended with the white-robed teenager burning all his blood. Su Ming… won, but his victory did not mean that he was stronger than the white-robed teenager. Instead, due to the existence of the God Ascension Nectar, he could last longer, and this fight was one where the one who could last till the end would win!

But at the instant the white-robed teenager plummeted to the ground, before Su Ming could relax, the ground roared. A huge crack tore through the earth. Countless Fire Spirits that seemed to have been suppressed for a long time surged out from the crack. In the blink of an eye, they filled the entire area.
